<!-- image -->

## 2022

ASX:

PKO

peako.com.au

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Directory

## DIRECTORS

Geoffrey Albers (Non-Executive Chairman)

Raewyn Clark (Executive Director)

Paul Kitto (Non-Executive Technical Director) Appointed 20 September 2021

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Robert Wright

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Level 1, 10 Yarra Street, South Yarra Victoria, 3141 Australia

W: www.peako.com.au

E: info@peako.com.au

T: (03) 8610 4723

F: (03) 8610 4799

## AUDITOR

## Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd

Collins Square, Tower 5, 727 Collins Street Melbourne, Victoria 3008, Australia

## SHARE REGISTRY

## Automic Pty Ltd

Level 3. 50 Holt Street

Surry Hills, NSW 2010, Australia

T: 1300 288 664 (within Australia)

T: +61 (2) 9698 5414 (outside Australia)

W: www.automic.com.au

## SECURITIES EXCHANGE LISTING

## ASX Limited

Level 4, North Tower, Rialto, 525 Collins Street Melbourne Victoria 3000

W:

www.asx.com.au

## Contents

| Chairman's Letter                                           |   04 |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|------|
| Operations Review                                           |   06 |
| Tenement Schedule                                           |   18 |
| Competent Person Statement                                  |   19 |
| Directors' Report                                           |   21 |
| Auditor's Independence Declaration                          |   30 |
| Statement of Profit or Loss and Other  Comprehensive Income |   32 |
| Statement of Financial Position                             |   33 |
| Statement of Changes in Equity                              |   34 |
| Statement of Cash Flows                                     |   35 |
| Notes to the Financial Statements                           |   36 |
| Directors' Declaration                                      |   54 |
| Audit Report                                                |   55 |
| ASX Additional Information                                  |   58 |

<!-- image -->

## Chairman's Letter

Peako has made important breakthroughs in its understanding of the geology and potential of our Eastman PGE Project in the East Kimberley region of Western Australia. We are seeking platinum and palladium, the two major Platinum Group Elements (PGEs).

Platinum and palladium are essential for green energy technologies, including current usage in catalytic converters in combustion engines. However, major growth is expected to unfold in applications with green energy technologies and low carbon energy solutions.

Peako's exploration team completed an initial prospectivity review of the Eastman Project and identified ultramafic intrusions that we considered to have the potential to host a large PGE mineralised system. Subsequently, several phases of exploration were completed, aimed at delivering the highest priority prospects as well as improving our understanding of the controls on mineralisation. Importantly, these programs indicated that previous PGE exploration, which had focused on the discontinuous strataform chromite lenses, may not be the optimal exploration target. In parallel with exploration undertaken by the other explorers in the region, we now believe that PGE mineralisation is not limited to the chromite lenses but, importantly, that our targets should also include the stratabound mineralisation within the entire suit of ultramafic units.

This understanding became an important focus for the exploration effort, with the drill program that recently commenced, focusing on the ultramafic units. The results are expected to be released soon.

Geochemical surface sampling has also confirmed the presence of PGEs, with targeted samples taken at Louisa, The Gap and Grand Central prospects returning excellent PGE + Au indications. Further details are included in the Operations Review in this Annual Report.

All this work is a testament to the dedication and focus of our management and exploration team. Led by Executive Director, Rae Clark, and Technical Director, Dr Paul Kitto, the Peako team has significantly increased the understanding of the Eastman PGE Project over the past year. I thank them and the entire Peako team for their hard work.

The coming year looks exciting for the Company. With geology becoming better understood and RC drill results due shortly, we are excited for what we may be able to achieve over the next 12 months.

On behalf of the Board, I thank our shareholders for their support and financial contribution and to our team, consultants and my fellow directors for their efforts.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Platinum and palladium are essential for green energy technologies, including current usage in catalytic converters in combustion engines. However, major growth is expected to unfold in applications with green energy technologies and low carbon energy solutions.

<!-- image -->

## Operations Review

Peako's focus during FY2022 was its East Kimberley Project with intensive field campaigns conducted across each of the 2021 and 2022 field seasons. Peako's tenure in the region totals 4,029 km 2 (Figure 1).

Activities in 2021 were directed towards assessment of the potential for gold and base metal mineralisation and this incorporated surface mapping, an initial phase of aircore geochemistry drilling across target areas defined from surface geochemistry, geology, geophysics and satellite imagery and a follow up phase of RC drilling.

Metals NL's Panton Project, Peako completed a prospectivity review of the ultramafic intrusions within its Eastman tenement and identified potential for a large PGE mineralised system at the Eastman Intrusive Complex.

Field activities during 2022 included a tectonicstratigraphic architecture study, mapping and rock chip traverses as well as reconnaissance soil sampling. A 4,500m RC drilling program commenced shortly after the end of the financial year, designed to test PGE endowment across the 16.5km strike of the layered Eastman Intrusive Complex.

In 2022, Peako focused its exploration efforts on Platinum Group Elements (PGEs). Encouraged by reporting of wide intercepts of PGEs at Pantoro Limited's nearby Halls Creek Project and Future

In 2022, Peako focused its exploration efforts on Platinum Group Elements (PGEs).

<!-- image -->

Figure 1: Peako's East Kimberley Tenement Package (in red)

<!-- image -->

## Eastman PGE Project

Peako's Eastman Intrusion is a large relatively underexplored intrusive complex that Peako considers prospective for a major PGE mineral resource.

The Eastman Intrusion is located within the Central Zone of the Halls Creek Oregon, where an array of mineralised layered mafic-ultramafic intrusive complexes are defined with an established mineral endowment (refer Figure 1).

Known endowment from layered intrusions in the Halls Creek Oregon include:

- · Savannah - 15Mt @ 1.40% Ni, 0.62% Cu
- · Copernicus - 0.825 Mt @1.24% Ni, 0.81% Cu
- · Panton - 5.0 Moz 3E PGE resource

## Eastman Intrusion

The Eastman Intrusion is interpreted to extend along strike for approximately 16.5km; divided into an Eastern and Western zone by a granite intrusion. The Eastern Zone extends for ~9.4km with 2.5km under cover, and the Western zone for 7.1km, mostly under cover.

The Eastman Intrusion is a layered mafic to ultramafic intrusive complex comprised predominately of pyroxenite, anorthosite and gabbro. The pyroxenite forms the basal unit with the gabbro and anorthosite overlaying it. The sequence has been variously folded and faulted in places resulting in structural repetition of the sequence. Having multiple layers of the sequence adds considerably to the prospectivity of the intrusive complex.

Recent drilling by Pantoro at the Lamboo Intrusion (Figure 1) has also defined wide PGE intercepts, with mineral resource drilling currently in progress.

Widespread anomalous PGE intercepts from sparse, wide-spaced historical drilling over the 16.5km extent of the Eastman Intrusion indicate an extensive PGE mineralised system (refer Figure 2). Historical exploration was focused on the eastern most outcropping ~6.9 km length of the intrusive complex, targeting short discontinuous chromite lenses within the sequence. PGE mineralisation, however, is shown to	be	stratabound	within	the	ultramafic	intrusives.

Figure 2: Eastman Intrusion with interpreted geology and location of historical drillholes and selected assay highlights for 3E mineralisation

<!-- image -->

## Analogue Intrusions

The Eastman Intrusion appears geologically similar to the nearby Panton and Lamboo Intrusions. The three intrusive complexes each have	the	same	ultramafic-mafic	rock	types	and similar intrusion sequencing (refer Figure 3).

## 2022 Field Campaign

Peako's	2022	field	campaign	focussed predominantly on the PGE exploration

## Eastman Intrusion Study

A tectono-stratigraphic architectural study completed by Dr David Selley was directed to defining	a	framework	for	emplacement	of	the Eastman Intrusion, and PGE mineralisation contained within it to assist drillhole targeting. Field work involved numerous mapping traverses across the intrusion to evaluate structural controls on emplacement and deformation history. A collection of rock samples at regular intervals	for	pXRF	analysis	assisted	the	definition of magmatic units making up the intrusion as well as Koongie Park Formation host rocks to the intrusion.

The study highlighted associations between carbonate units within the Koongie Park Formation and emplacement of the PGE-bearing ultramafic	complex.	In	addition,	the	stratigraphic framework	identified	the	occurrence	of	multiple ultramafic	horizons,	many	having	open	to	isoclinal fold forms associated with thickness variations across	the	ultramafic	intrusions.

## Rock Chip Analyses

## Geochemistry

Geochemistry results from rock chip samples collected during mapping traverses across three prospects: The Gap, Grand Central and Louisa were returned, with 3E PGE grades up to 2.9g/t. Twelve of the 54 submitted rock chips returned 3E values greater than 0.5 g/t.

Nine of those rock chip samples were subsequently analysed using the nickel sulphide (NiS)	fire	assay	method	with	total	Platinum Group Element (PGE) values for those samples significantly	increased.

The	NiS	fire	assay	method	allows	for	the	analysis of all PGEs (Platinum, Palladium, Rhodium, Iridium, Ruthenium and Osmium) as well as gold. The samples were initially analysed using Aqua Regia	and	lead	collection	fire	assay	methods	to provide values for a large suite of elements (53 elements), however this method was unable to analyse for the less abundant PGEs (Rhodium, Iridium, Osmium and Ruthenium).

The	best	rock-chip	NiS	fire	assay	method	results were returned from the Louisa Prospect where all	five	samples	returned	PGE+Au	results	greater than 1g/t. Highest assay results from each of the prospects were 3.49g/t PGE+Au at Grand Central, 2.17g/t PGE+Au at Louisa, and 1.17g/t PGE+Au at The Gap (Figure 4).

## QEMSCAN and laser petrography study

A preliminary petrography study on 10 weathered surface samples was completed using QEMSCAN microscopy and LA-ICP-MS laser ablation imaging.

The	results	defined	alteration	assemblages	and identified	positive	correlations	between	Pd	and Cu-Ni that could serve as a potential guide for Pd	mineralisation	in	the	field.		An	association between Pt and the weathered rock types were observed, with Pt associated with both chromite and silicate minerals. Chromite samples were also observed to have slightly higher levels of Pt together with occasional PGE nuggets.

Laser results also highlighted the presence of Ruthenium (Ru), Rhodium (Rh), Iridium (Ir), and Osmium (Os), which positively correlated with chromite. In addition, gold (Au) also correlated with the occurrence of chromite.

QEMSCAN (Quantitative Evaluation of Materials by Scanning Electron Microscopy) is an integrated automated mineralogy and petrography solution providing quantitative analysis	of	minerals	and	rocks.		It	is	configured to measure mineralogical variability based on chemistry at the micrometre-scale.

LA-ICP-MS (Laser Ablation - Inductively Coupled Plasma - Mass Spectrometry) is an analytical technique for determining the chemical and isotopic composition of solid samples.

Figure 3: Panton, Lamboo and Eastman Intrusions

<!-- image -->

Figure 4: Location of rock chip NiS fire assay method results at the Eastman PGE project

<!-- image -->

## Reconnaissance Soil Sampling at Eastman South Area

Reconnaissance soil sampling along 400m spaced lines at 50m intervals was completed at the	newly	identified	Eastman	South	area,	with assay results revealing a number of areas that are anomalous in PGE elements.

The Eastman South area is an interpreted ultramafic	sequence	with	no	record	of	prior exploration.	Ultramafic	outcrop	was	identified	in the	area	during	fieldwork,	confirming	the	area's potential prospectivity. A total of 1,216 samples were submitted for geochemical analysis of 53 elements including platinum, palladium and gold.

Assay results from the soil geochemistry revealed a number of anomalous PGE trends (Figure 5), which	aid	mapping	the	location	of	ultramafic units, particularly in areas of shallow cover. Subsequent work will focus on these trends and	will	include	infill	soil	sampling,	geological mapping and rock chip sampling to identify potential mineralisation for follow-up drill programs.

Figure 5: Eastman South Ultramafic Soil Sampling Results

<!-- image -->

## RC drilling

During the reporting period, Peako completed groundwork preparations for a planned 4,500m reverse circulation (RC) drill program, which commenced in July 2022.

The RC drill program was designed to complete first pass wide spaced testing across the Eastman Intrusion's 16.5km strike length to define zones with higher-grade PGE-rich mineralisation within the ultramafics.

designed to also include targeted drill sections defined from new and historical data (refer Figure 6).

These drill targets incorporated testing of structural repetition and folding of chromite-rich ultramafic layers within the intrusive sequence, untested soil and rock anomalies as well as VTEM anomalies.

As well as incorporating wide-spaced drill fences to test PGE endowment of the complete ultramafic stratigraphy, the drilling program was

Figure 6: Location of RC drillholes completed at the Eastman PGE Project (shown on simplified geology)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

In 2022, Peako focused its exploration efforts on Platinum Group Elements (PGEs). Encouraged by reporting of wide intercepts of PGEs at Pantoro Limited's nearby Halls Creek Project and Future Metals NL's Panton Project.'

## 2021 Field Campaign - Gold Exploration

Peako's 2021 field campaign was directed at evaluating a widely identified but often overlooked latent gold potential recorded in historical exploration data.

## Aircore Geochemistry

An aircore geochemistry drilling program was completed in 2021 that incorporated 473 holes for a total of 3,017 metres across target areas defined from surface geochemistry, geology, geophysics and satellite imagery.  Assay results defined two anomalous base metal corridors at Eastman East and Eastman No.2 (refer Figure 7).

## 'Scout' Drilling

A total of 30 holes for 1,249 metres were completed across six prospects (refer Figure 8), supported by an Exploration Incentive Scheme drilling grant from the Western Australian Government.

While predominantly aimed at testing goldbearing vein systems, all targets were affiliated with polymetallic sulphide halo zones with potential for copper, lead, silver and zinc. Unfortunately, at a number of prospects, highly fractured ground conditions and excessive water hindered the program, resulting in a number of targets not being tested due to rig limitations.

Best drill results were from the Landrigan Prospect where eight reverse circulation (RC) drillholes, totalling 449m were drilled to test the near surface continuation of gold and base metal mineralisation intersected in previous Peako and historic BHP drilling (Figure 9). This zone was attractive as it was located in a fold hinge with coincident surface geochemistry.

## Best results at Landrigan included:

- · 4m @ 6.2 g/t Au from 11m, inc 1m @ 11.6 g/t Au from 12m (PRC0030)
- · 13m @ 40.7 g/t Ag from 11m (PRC0030)
- · 15m @ 2.3% Pb from 9m (PRC0030)
- · 14m @ 0.4% Cu from 11m (PRC0030)
- · 4m @ 1.08 g/t Au from 4m (PRC028
- · 12m @ 0.55% Pb from 0m (PRC028)
- · 7m @ 1.04% Cu from 64m (PRC0028)
- · 4m @ 1.6% Cu from 40m (PRC0029)
- · 16m @ 0.7% Pb from 24m to EOH (PRC0025)

The Landrigan Prospect was originally identified by BHP as a base metal prospect with Peako recognising the prospect's gold potential from results of its 2019 RC drill program. That program intersected Cu-Au mineralisation with results that included 15m @ 1.04% Cu from 184m in PLRC011 and 7m @ 1.1 g/t Au from 133m in PLRC001.

The intercepts from drillhole PRC0030 extend known mineralisation at Landrigan to the northeast by 80m, resulting in a total mineralised strike length of approximately 300m.  The mineralisation intersected in hole PRC0030 includes a gold-rich central zone with a polymetallic envelope of Ag-Pb-Cu, with the mineralised trend remaining open to the north-east.

Figure 7: Aircore Geochemical Sampling Program Locations from 2021 field program

<!-- image -->

Figure 8: Scout drilling locations at Peako's East Kimberley Project in 2021

<!-- image -->

Figure 9: Plan location of new 2021 and historical drillholes at the Landrigan Prospect on simplified interpreted geology

<!-- image -->

## Tenement Schedule

## As at 28 September 2022

| Tenement                                  | Peako interest                            | Tenement status                           |
|-------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| Western Australia (East Kimberley Region) | Western Australia (East Kimberley Region) | Western Australia (East Kimberley Region) |
| 100%                                      | Granted                                   | E80/4990                                  |
| 100%                                      | Granted                                   | E80/5182                                  |
| 100%                                      | Application                               | E80/5346                                  |
| 100%                                      | Application                               | E80/5472                                  |
| 100%                                      | Application                               | E80/5520                                  |
| 100%                                      | Application                               | E80/5623                                  |
| 100%                                      | Application                               | E80/5624                                  |
| 100%                                      | Application                               | E80/5658                                  |
| 100%                                      | Application                               | E80/5703                                  |
| 100%                                      | Application                               | E80/5704                                  |
| 100%                                      | Application                               | E80/5706                                  |
| 100%                                      | Application                               | E80/5758                                  |
| 100%                                      | Application                               | E80/5779                                  |

## Glossary

| The sum of Palladium (Pd) and Platinum (Pt) and Gold (Au)                                                                                               | 3E     |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|
| Platinum Group Elements; the six platinum group elements are Platinum (Pt),  Palladium (Pd), Rhodium (Rh), Ruthenium (Ru), Osmium (Os) and Iridium (Ir) | PGE    |
| The sum of Platinum (Pt), Palladium (Pd), Rhodium (Rh), Ruthenium (Ru),  Osmium (Os), Iridium (Ir) and Gold (Au)                                        | PGE+Au |

## References

The information in this report that relates to Exploration Results previously reported in ASX announcements are listed below. The Company is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in each relevant market announcement.

Further details can be found in the following Peako ASX announcements:

- · 13 September 2022 Eastman PGE Rock Chips Assay up to 3.49 g/t PGE and Au
- · 31 August 2022 Eastman PGE Drilling Program Completed
- · 1 August 2022 Eastman PGE Drilling Program Update
- · 31 January 2022 PGE Potential of the Lamboo Ultramafic Complex
- · 14 January 2022 Scout Drilling Intersects Gold and Base Metals
- · 13 December 2021 Gold and Base Metal Potential Highlighted in East Kimberley

<!-- image -->

Directors' Report

## DIRECTORS' REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Directors' Report

For the year ended 30 June 2022

Your directors present their annual financial report on the consolidated entity (referred to hereafter as the 'Group') consisting of Peako Limited (the 'Company' or 'parent entity') and the entities it controlled at the end of, or during, the financial year ended 30 June 2022. In order to comply with the Corporations Act 2001, the directors' report is as follows:

## Directors

The names and details of the Company's directors in office during the financial year and until the date of this report are as follows. Directors were in office for the entire period unless otherwise stated.

## E. Geoffrey (Geoff) Albers LLB, FAICD

Non-executive Chairman

Raewyn (Rae) Clark B.Bus(dist), CA, MAICD, AGIA, ACIS

Executive Director

Mr Albers was appointed to the board of Peako Limited on 4 February 2013.  Mr  Albers  has  over  35  years'  experience  as  a  director  and administrator  in  corporate  law,  resource  exploration  and  resource sector investment.

Mr  Albers  has  interests  in  a  number  of  companies  active  in  the petroleum industry in Australia. Mr Albers is a director of ASX listed companies Octanex Limited and Enegex Limited.

His companies are active resource sector investors.

Ms Clark has more than twenty years experience focussed primarily on the  upstream  oil  and  gas  sector.  Her  experience  includes  business development,  financial  modelling  and  analysis,  capital  raising  and mergers and acquisitions, as well as managing joint venture partners, government, regulator and investor relations.

Ms Clark was appointed to the Board on 4 December 2014. Ms Clark is also a director of ASX listed companies Octanex Limited and Enegex Limited.

14

## DIRECTORS' REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Directors' Report

For the year ended 30 June 2022

Paul Kitto BSc (Hons), PhD, Dip Ed Non-executive Technical Director

Dr  Kitto  has  over  thirty  years'  experience  working  within  the  mining industry having served on a number of ASX Boards and holding senior level management positions around the world.

Most recently Dr Kitto was Exploration Manager, Africa for Newcrest Mining Ltd and prior to that, was Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of ASX listed Ampella Mining Ltd from 2008 until 2014, when Ampella was acquired by LSE/TSX listed Centamin PLC.

Throughout  his  career,  Dr  Kitto  has  led  or  been  part  of  exploration teams  that have  discovered numerous  multi-million ounce gold deposits  in  Africa,  Australia  and  Papua  New  Guinea.  Dr  Kitto  has extensive experience associated with a wide range of deposit types, predominantly associated with gold and base metal deposits.

Dr Kitto was appointed to the Board on 20 September 2021. He is also a director of ASX listed companies Tietto Minerals Limited and Meteoric Resources NL.

Dr Clark is an exploration geologist whose career has taken him throughout Australia, Central Asia and South East Asia for over 26 years. During previous corporate roles he has been responsible for business development strategies, designing multi-commodity exploration programs and the co-ordination of exploration teams to deliver discovery events. Dr Clark was appointed to the Board on 20 March 2019. Dr Clark is also a director of ASX listed company Battery Minerals Limited. Resigned 20 September 2021.

Mr Wright was appointed as Company Secretary of Peako on 2 May 2017.  Mr Wright is a senior financial professional with over 35 years commercial  experience  in  the  resource,  energy  and  manufacturing industries  gained  at  various  companies  and  locations,  including  14 years at BHP.  As well as carrying out his secretarial duties for Peako, he is the company's Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary and CFO of the ASX listed companies Octanex Limited and Enegex Limited.  Mr Wright is a member of CPA Australia.

15

Darryl Clark BSc (Hons), PhD Non-Executive Director

## Company Secretary

Robert Wright B Bus, CPA

## DIRECTORS' REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Directors' Report

For the year ended 30 June 2022

## Ordinary shares

At 30 June 2022 the Company's share capital consists of 308,454,101 ordinary fully paid shares (2021: 234,911,319).

On  21  July  2021,  the  Share  Purchase  Plan  ('SPP')  announced  by  the  Company  on  15  June  2021 concluded. The company issued 59,527,066 shares and granted 29,763,522 unlisted options pursuant to the SPP, raising a $2,074,000; prior to costs.

On 30 July 2021 the following shares were issued and options granted following approval of members. These shares and options formed part of a two-tranche placement announced on 15 June 2021:

- · 21,428,571 first tranche unlisted options exercisable at $0.055 on or before 30 June 2022
- · 14,285,716 second tranche shares
- · 7,142,857 second tranche unlisted options exercisable at $0.055 on or before 30 June 2022.

The 30 July 2021 issue raised $500,000 prior to costs.

Subsequent to 30 June 2002, on 2 September 2022 a Non Renounceable Rights Issue (Rights Issue) closed .Total ordinary fully paid shares issued from the Rights Issue was 70,727,848. After the Rights Issue. At 6 September 2022 the Company's share capital consists 379,181,949 ordinary fully paid shares

Options

| Movement in options         | 2022         | 2021        |
|-----------------------------|--------------|-------------|
| Unlisted options at 30 June |              |             |
| Start of year               | 57,737,799   | 13,000,000  |
| Granted 1                   | 65,199,980 1 | 46,737,799  |
| Expired                     | (93,937,779) | (2,000,000) |
| End of the year             | 29,000,000   | 57,737,799  |

1 58,199,980 options were granted to shareholders who participated in the placements that occurred during the year ended 30 June 2022. The balance of 7,000,000 options granted for the year ended 30 June 2022 were granted to directors, an employee and consultants (See Accounting Note 12 for details).

Subsequent to 30 June 2002, on 2 September 2022 a Non Renounceable Rights Issue (Rights Issue) closed .Total ordinary fully paid shares issued from the Rights Issue was 70,727,848. Attached to each issued share was an unlisted option exercisable at $0.05 with an expiry date of 30 September 2025. At 6 September 2022 the Company's unlisted options granted is 99,727,848.

16

## DIRECTORS' REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## Dividends

No dividend has been paid or declared since the start of the financial year and the directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend in respect of the financial year.

## Principal activities

The  principal  activities  of  the  Group  during  the financial year continued to be  advancing  the exploration for and development of natural resources.

## Review of operations

A  detailed  review  of  the  Group's  activities  and operations is set out on pages 6-19 of this Report.

## Significant changes in the state of affairs

There have been no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group to the date of this Report, other than those changes detailed in the review of activities and operations, and elsewhere in this Report.

## Matters subsequent to balance date

On  2  September  2022  the  company  announced that  a  Non  Renounceable  Rights  Issue  (Rights Issue) had closed oversubscribed, raising a total of $1,223,353 before costs. To accommodate excess demand, the Company also agreed to undertake a placement to raise an additional $180,000 on the same  terms  and  conditions  as  the  Rights  Issue offer.  Total  funds  realised  prior  to  costs  were $1,403,353. Total ordinary fully paid shares issued was  70,727,848.  Attached  to  each  issued  share was an unlisted option exercisable at $0.05 with an expiry date of 30 September 2025. Total unlisted options granted was 70,727,848.

In  September 2022 the company relinquished its exploration tenure in the Paterson region of Western  Australia  which  comprised  one  granted exploration  licence  as  well  as  three  exploration licence applications.

## Likely developments and expected results

The likely developments in the company's operations in future years and the expected result from those operations are dependent on exploration success in the tenements in which the company holds an interest.

## Environmental legislation

The Group is subject to significant environmental legal regulations in respect to its exploration and evaluation activities in Australia. There have been no  known  breaches  of  these  regulations  and principles.

17

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## Proceedings on behalf of Company

No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring proceedings  on  behalf  of  the  Company,  or  to intervene in any proceedings to which the Company  is  a  party,  for  the  purpose  of  taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or part of those proceedings.

## Indemnification of directors and officers

During  the  financial  year  and  to  the  date  of  this report, the company paid premiums in respect of contracts  insuring  directors  and  officers  of  the company against liabilities arising from their position as directors and officers of the company.

The Company has entered into Deeds of Access and Indemnity with each of the Directors referred to  in  this  report  who  held  office  during  the  year indemnifying each against all liabilities incurred in their capacity as directors of the Company to the full extent permitted by law

## Meetings of directors

The number of formal meetings of the Company's board of directors and relevant committees attended  by  each  director  are  set  out  in  the following  table.  All  other  matters  that  required formal Board resolutions were dealt with via written circular resolutions.  In addition, the directors met and corresponded at numerous times throughout the financial year to discuss the Company' affairs. The board undertakes all audit committee functions.

|                 | Directors'  Meetings   | Directors'  Meetings   |
|-----------------|------------------------|------------------------|
|                 | Held                   | Attended               |
| Geoffrey Albers | 2                      | 2                      |
| Raewyn Clark    | 2                      | 2                      |
| Paul Kitto      | 2                      | 2                      |

## Corporate Governance Statement

A  corporate  governance  statement  reporting  on Peako's  governance  framework,  principles  and practices is provided on the Peako website www.peako.com.au.

## Remuneration report (audited)

The Directors present the Remuneration Report for the Company and its controlled entities for the year ended 30 June 2022. This Remuneration Report for  the  Group forms part of the Directors' Report and has been prepared in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

During  the  year  there  were  no  employees  or consultants to the company that meet the definition of  key  management  personnel,  other  than  the directors.

Remuneration levels are reviewed annually through a process that considers the performance of individual directors and the overall performance of the entity.

18

## DIRECTORS' REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Directors' Report

For the year ended 30 June 2022

## Director Remuneration

During  the  year  under  review,  directors  were  remunerated  a  total  of  $56,816  (2021:  $97,806)  which included shareholder-approved non-executive remuneration of $56,816 (2021:  $48,219).

There  is  no  performance  related  remuneration  for  directors.  There  is  no  direct  relationship  between remuneration of directors and the company's performance for the last five years.

## Additional information

The earnings of the Consolidated Entity for the five years to 30 June 2022 are summarised below:

$

|                                                      | 2022  $    | 2021  $   | 2020  $   | 2019  $   | 2018     |
|------------------------------------------------------|------------|-----------|-----------|-----------|----------|
| Loss after income tax                                | -1,010,079 | -714,743  | -485,918  | -285,286  | -156,431 |
| Share price at financial year end (cents per  share) | 1.1        | 4.1       | 0.9       | 1.7       | 1.5      |

Components of directors' compensation are disclosed in the following table.

|                         | Primary benefits paid / payable   | Primary benefits paid / payable   | Primary benefits paid / payable   | Equity                                | TOTAL   |
|-------------------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------------------|---------------------------------------|---------|
|                         | Salary                            | Directors' fees                   | Super-  annuation  $              | Settled  Equity  option  issues(1)  $ |         |
| Year ended 30 June 2022 | $                                 | $                                 |                                   |                                       | $       |
| Geoffrey Albers         | -                                 | -                                 | -                                 | -                                     | -       |
| Raewyn Clark            | -                                 | -                                 | -                                 | -                                     | -       |
| Darryl Clark (2)        | 8,750                             | -                                 | 875                               | -                                     | 9,625   |
| Paul Kitto              | -                                 | 30,000                            | -                                 | 17,191                                | 47,191  |
|                         | 8,750                             | 30,000                            | 875                               | 17,191                                | 56,816  |
| Year ended 30 June 2021 |                                   |                                   |                                   |                                       |         |
| Geoffrey Albers         | -                                 | -                                 | -                                 | -                                     | -       |
| Raewyn Clark            | -                                 | -                                 | -                                 | 49,587                                | 49,587  |
| Darryl Clark (2)        | 10,000                            | -                                 | 950                               | 37,269                                | 48,219  |
|                         | 10,000                            | -                                 | 950                               | 86,856                                | 97,806  |

## Loans to key management personnel

No loans were made to key management personnel during the current or previous financial year.

Other transactions with key management personnel

19

Loans to key management personnel

## No loans were made to key management personnel during the current or previous financial year. DIRECTORS' REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## Other transactions with key management personnel

19 In the year ended 30 June 2022, the Company incurred consulting fees of $92,400 (2021: $68,415) with Samika Pty Ltd, a director-related entity of Raewyn Clark. The fees were provided under normal commercial terms and conditions with $Nil remaining unpaid at 30 June 2022 (2021: $nil).

In the year ended 30 June 2022, the Company incurred consulting fees of $49,200 (2021: $Nil) with Paul Kitto. The fees were provided under normal commercial terms and conditions with $Nil remaining unpaid at 30 June 2022 (2021: $nil).

## Key management personnel interest in equity holdings

Fully paid ordinary shares

|                   | Number of shares at  start of year   | Other  Change   | Number of shares  at end of year   |
|-------------------|--------------------------------------|-----------------|------------------------------------|
| 30 June 2022      | 1 July 2021                          |                 | 30 June 2022                       |
| Geoffrey Albers 1 | 89,465,962                           | 11,714,282      | 101,180,244                        |
| Darryl Clark 2    | 1,200,000                            | (1,200,000)     | -                                  |
|                   | 90,665,962                           | 10,514,282      | 101,180,244                        |

## Unlisted options

The Company granted 3,000,000 options over ordinary shares to the director Paul Kitto during the financial year (2021: 7,000,000).  All 3,000,000 options have an employment condition and so vest over that service condition. The options granted during the year ended 30 June 2022 have been valued using the Black Scholes Option Valuation The fair value of these share-based payment (for accounting) at grant date was $17,191 (2021: $86,856). A share based payment expense of $6,949 has been recognised for the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: $53,295). This includes the release from prior year grants.

1

|                                                                      | Number of  options at start  of year                                 | Options  granted during  year                                        | Options  exercised /  expired  during year                           | Number of  options at end  of year   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| 30 June 2022                                                         | 1 July 2021                                                          |                                                                      |                                                                      | 30 June 2022                         |
| Options exercisable at $0.055 on or before 30 June 2022              | Options exercisable at $0.055 on or before 30 June 2022              | Options exercisable at $0.055 on or before 30 June 2022              | Options exercisable at $0.055 on or before 30 June 2022              |                                      |
| Geoffrey Albers                                                      | 3,125,000                                                            | -                                                                    | (3,125,000)                                                          | -                                    |
| Darryl Clark 1                                                       | 100,000                                                              | -                                                                    | (100,000)                                                            | -                                    |
|                                                                      | 3,225,000                                                            | -                                                                    | (3,225,000)                                                          | -                                    |
| Darryl Clark resigned 20 September 2021 and Paul Kitto was appointed | Darryl Clark resigned 20 September 2021 and Paul Kitto was appointed | Darryl Clark resigned 20 September 2021 and Paul Kitto was appointed | Darryl Clark resigned 20 September 2021 and Paul Kitto was appointed |                                      |
| Options exercisable at $0.04 on or before 28 November 2022           | Options exercisable at $0.04 on or before 28 November 2022           | Options exercisable at $0.04 on or before 28 November 2022           | Options exercisable at $0.04 on or before 28 November 2022           |                                      |
| Geoffrey Albers                                                      | -                                                                    | -                                                                    | -                                                                    | -                                    |
| Raewyn Clark                                                         | 2,000,000                                                            | -                                                                    | -                                                                    | 2,000,000                            |
| Darryl Clark 1                                                       | 1,000,000                                                            | -                                                                    | (1,000,000)                                                          | -                                    |
|                                                                      | 3,000,000                                                            | -                                                                    | (1,000,000)                                                          | 2,000,000                            |

## DIRECTORS' REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Directors' Report

For the year ended 30 June 2022

| 30 June 2022                                                                                                                     | Number of  options at start  of year  1 July 2021                                                                                | Options  granted during  year                                                                                                    | Options  exercised /  expired  during year                              | Number of  options at end  of year  30 June 2022           |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| Options exercisable at $0.05 on or before 28 November 2023                                                                       | Options exercisable at $0.05 on or before 28 November 2023                                                                       | Options exercisable at $0.05 on or before 28 November 2023                                                                       |                                                                         |                                                            |
| Raewyn Clark                                                                                                                     | 2,000,000                                                                                                                        | -                                                                                                                                | -                                                                       | 2,000,000                                                  |
|                                                                                                                                  | 2,000,000                                                                                                                        | -                                                                                                                                | -                                                                       | 2,000,000                                                  |
| Options exercisable at $0.044 on or before 5 November 2023                                                                       | Options exercisable at $0.044 on or before 5 November 2023                                                                       | Options exercisable at $0.044 on or before 5 November 2023                                                                       | Options exercisable at $0.044 on or before 5 November 2023              | Options exercisable at $0.044 on or before 5 November 2023 |
| Raewyn Clark                                                                                                                     | 3,000,000                                                                                                                        | -                                                                                                                                | -                                                                       | 3,000,000                                                  |
| Darryl Clark 1                                                                                                                   | 2,000,000                                                                                                                        | -                                                                                                                                | (2,000,000)                                                             | -                                                          |
|                                                                                                                                  | 5,000,000                                                                                                                        | -                                                                                                                                | (2,000,000)                                                             | 3,000,000                                                  |
| 1  Darryl Clark resigned 20 September 2021 and Paul Kitto was appointed                                                          | 1  Darryl Clark resigned 20 September 2021 and Paul Kitto was appointed                                                          | 1  Darryl Clark resigned 20 September 2021 and Paul Kitto was appointed                                                          | 1  Darryl Clark resigned 20 September 2021 and Paul Kitto was appointed |                                                            |
| Options exercisable at $0.06 on or before 21 June 2023                                                                           | Options exercisable at $0.06 on or before 21 June 2023                                                                           | Options exercisable at $0.06 on or before 21 June 2023                                                                           |                                                                         |                                                            |
| Raewyn Clark                                                                                                                     | 1,000,000                                                                                                                        | -                                                                                                                                | -                                                                       | 1,000,000                                                  |
| Darryl Clark 1                                                                                                                   | 1,000,000                                                                                                                        | -                                                                                                                                | (1,000,000)                                                             | -                                                          |
|                                                                                                                                  | 2,000,000                                                                                                                        | -                                                                                                                                | (1,000,000)                                                             | 1,000,000                                                  |
| 1  Darryl Clark resigned 20 September 2021 and Paul Kitto was appointed  Options exercisable at $0.06 on or before 29 March 2024 | 1  Darryl Clark resigned 20 September 2021 and Paul Kitto was appointed  Options exercisable at $0.06 on or before 29 March 2024 | 1  Darryl Clark resigned 20 September 2021 and Paul Kitto was appointed  Options exercisable at $0.06 on or before 29 March 2024 |                                                                         |                                                            |
| Paul Kitto                                                                                                                       | -                                                                                                                                | 1,000,000                                                                                                                        | -                                                                       | 1,000,000                                                  |
|                                                                                                                                  | -                                                                                                                                | 1,000,000                                                                                                                        | -                                                                       | 1,000,000                                                  |
| Options exercisable at $0.10 on or before 25 November 2024                                                                       | Options exercisable at $0.10 on or before 25 November 2024                                                                       | Options exercisable at $0.10 on or before 25 November 2024                                                                       | Options exercisable at $0.10 on or before 25 November 2024              |                                                            |
| Paul Kitto                                                                                                                       | -                                                                                                                                | 1,000,000                                                                                                                        | -                                                                       | 1,000,000                                                  |
|                                                                                                                                  | -                                                                                                                                | 1,000,000                                                                                                                        | -                                                                       | 1,000,000                                                  |
| Options exercisable at $0.20 on or before 25 November 2025                                                                       | Options exercisable at $0.20 on or before 25 November 2025                                                                       | Options exercisable at $0.20 on or before 25 November 2025                                                                       | Options exercisable at $0.20 on or before 25 November 2025              |                                                            |
| Paul Kitto                                                                                                                       | -                                                                                                                                | 1,000,000                                                                                                                        | -                                                                       | 1,000,000                                                  |
|                                                                                                                                  | -                                                                                                                                | 1,000,000                                                                                                                        | -                                                                       | 1,000,000                                                  |

## End of remuneration report

21

## DIRECTORS' REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## Auditor independence

Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 requires our auditors, Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd, to provide the directors of the Company with an Independence Declaration in relation to the audit of the annual report. This Independence Declaration is set out on page 30 and forms part of this directors' report for the year ended 30 June 2022.

## Non-audit services

The Company may decide to employ the auditor on assignments additional to their statutory audit duties where the auditor's  expertise  and  experience  with  the  Company  and/or  the  Group  are  important.  The Company  has  considered  the  position  and  is  satisfied  that  the  provision  of  the  non-audit  services  is compatible with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 . The  auditor  has  not  provided  any  non-audit  services  and  as  such  auditor  independence  was  not compromised.

This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the directors.

<!-- image -->

R.L. Clark Director 29 September 2022

R.L. Clark Director 29 September 2022

## AUDITOR'S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

<!-- image -->

Declaration

## Auditor's Independence Declaration

## To the Directors of Peako Limited

In accordance with the requirements of section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, as lead auditor for the audit of Peako Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022, I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

- a no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
- no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit. b

Declaration

<!-- image -->

hamto

Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd Chartered Accountants

T S Jackman Partner - Audit &amp; Assurance

Melbourne, 29 September 2022

www.grantthornton.com.au ACN-130 913 594

delivered by the member Australia Limited ABN 41 127 Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd ACN 130 913 594 a subsidiary or related entity of Grant Thornton Australia Limited ABN 41 127 556 389 ACN 127 556 389. 'Grant Thornton' refers to the brand under which the Grant Thornton member firms provide assurance, tax and advisory services to their clients and/or refers to one or more member firms, as the context requires. Grant Thornton Australia Limited is a member firm of Grant Thornton International Ltd (GTIL). GTIL and the member firms are not a worldwide partnership. GTIL and each member firm is a separate legal entity. Services are firms. GTIL does not provide services to clients. GTIL and its member firms are not agents of, and do not obligate one another and are not liable for one another's acts or omissions. In the Australian context only, the use of the term 'Grant Thornton' may refer to Grant Thornton 556 389 ACN 127 556 389 and its Australian subsidiaries and related entities. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

#8024565v2w

Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd Level 22 Tower 5 Collins Square 727 Collins Street Melbourne VIC 3008 GPO Box 4736 Melbourne VIC 3001

T +61 3 8320 2222

23

## Financial Reports

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 30 June 2022

|                                                                          | Note   | 2022  $                  | 2021  $      |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|--------------------------|--------------|
| Government grants - Covid                                                |        | -                        | 20,000       |
| Sundry income                                                            |        | 1,863                    | 350          |
|                                                                          |        | 1,863                    | 20,350       |
| Expenses                                                                 |        |                          |              |
| Accounting fees                                                          |        | (169,529)                | (147,045)    |
| Audit fees                                                               | 19     | (50,303)                 | (52,876)     |
| Conferences and travel                                                   |        | (29,982)                 | (1,370)      |
| Depreciation                                                             |        | (33,347)                 | (12,680)     |
| Director Fees                                                            |        | (30,000)                 | -            |
| Heritage Protection - Community and Management fees                      |        | (82,202)                 | (49,600)     |
| Impairment of exploration asset                                          | 8,17   | (94,039)                 | -            |
| Insurance                                                                |        | (19,320)                 | (6,202)      |
| Professional and consultancy fees                                        |        | (229,084)                | (128,407)    |
| Office costs                                                             |        |                          | (87,612)     |
| Other costs                                                              |        | (114,292)  (120,870)     | (63,021)     |
| Salary and wages                                                         |        | (3,443)                  | (6,596)      |
| Share based payment                                                      |        | (43,543)                 | (144,505)    |
| Stock exchange and share registry costs                                  |        | (47,185)                 | (29,524)     |
|                                                                          |        |                          | (5,655)      |
| Tenement management                                                      |        | (38,842)                 |              |
| Loss before income tax expense                                           |        | (1,105,981)  (1,104,118) | (735,093)    |
| Income tax expense                                                       | 2      | -                        | (714,743)  - |
|                                                                          |        | (1,104,118)              | (714,743)    |
| Net loss for the year                                                    |        | (1,104,118)              | (714,743)    |
| Other comprehensive income                                               |        |                          |              |
| Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss                         |        |                          |              |
| Foreign exchange loss on translation of subsidiary financial  statements |        | -                        | -            |
| Other comprehensive income net of tax                                    |        | -                        | -            |
| Total comprehensive income for the year                                  |        | (1,104,118)              | (714,743)    |
|                                                                          |        | Cents                    | Cents        |
| Basic loss per share                                                     | 3      | (0.36)                   | (0.40)       |
| Diluted loss per share                                                   | 3      | (0.36)                   | (0.40)       |

## Consolidated Statement of CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 30 JUNE 2022

Financial Position

As at 30 June 2022

|                                   | Note   | 2022  $      | 2021  $      |
|-----------------------------------|--------|--------------|--------------|
| Current Assets                    |        |              |              |
| Cash and cash equivalents         |        | 1,510,559    | 1,419,805    |
| Trade and other receivables       | 4      | 92,754       | 107,749      |
| Prepayments                       | 5      | 176,569      | 107,657      |
| Total Current Assets              |        | 1,779,882    | 1,635,211    |
| Non-Current Assets                |        |              |              |
| Motor Vehicles                    | 6      | 71,551       | 94,736       |
| Plant and Equipment               | 7      | 41,002       | 48,977       |
| Exploration and evaluation assets | 8      | 3,401,043    | 2,154,834    |
| Total Non-Current Assets          |        | 3,513,596    | 2,298,547    |
| Total Assets                      |        | 5,293,478    | 3,933,758    |
| Current Liabilities               |        |              |              |
| Trade and other payables          | 9      | 343,608      | 480,954      |
| Provisions                        |        | 13,229       | -            |
| Total Current Liabilities         |        | 356,837      | 480,954      |
| Total Liabilities                 |        | 356,837      | 480,954      |
| Net Assets                        |        | 4,936,641    | 3,452,804    |
| Equity                            |        |              |              |
| Issued capital                    | 10     | 44,186,207   | 41,641,845   |
| Reserves                          | 11     | 206,401      | 165,684      |
| Accumulated losses                |        | (39,455,967) | (38,354,725) |
| Total Equity                      |        | 4,936,641    | 3,452,804    |

The above statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes .

25

Consolidated Statement of

Changes in Equity

For the year ended 30 June 2022

|                                      | Issued  capital  $   | Share  compensation  reserve  $   | Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  $   | Accumulated  losses  $   | Total  equity  $   |
|--------------------------------------|----------------------|-----------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|--------------------------|--------------------|
| Balance at 1 July 2021               | 41,641,845           | 164,172                           | 1,512                                        | (38,354,725)             | 3,452,804          |
| Loss for the year                    | -                    | -                                 | -                                            | (1,104,118)              | (1,104,118)        |
| Other comprehensive loss             | -                    | -                                 | -                                            | -                        | -                  |
| Total comprehensive loss             |                      |                                   |                                              |                          |                    |
| for the year                         | -                    | -                                 | -                                            | (1,104,118)              | (1,104,118)        |
| Issue of Shares                      | 2,574,000            | -                                 | -                                            | -                        | 2,574,000          |
| Costs of issue                       | (29,638)             | -                                 | -                                            | -                        | (29,638)           |
| Grant of options                     | -                    | 43,593                            | -                                            | -                        | 43,593             |
| Reclassification of foreign          |                      |                                   |                                              |                          |                    |
| reserve                              | -                    | -                                 | (1,512)                                      | 1,512                    | -                  |
| Reclassification of expired          |                      |                                   |                                              |                          |                    |
| options                              | -                    | (1,364)                           | -                                            | 1,364                    | -                  |
| Balance at 30 June 2022              | 44,186,207           | 206,401                           | -                                            | (39,455,967)             | 4,936,641          |
| Balance at 1 July 2020               | 38,284,139           | 53,411                            | 1,512                                        | (37,673,726)             | 665,336            |
| Loss for the year                    | -                    | -                                 | -                                            | (714,743)                | (714,743)          |
| Other comprehensive loss             | -                    | -                                 | -                                            | -                        | -                  |
| Total comprehensive loss             |                      |                                   |                                              |                          |                    |
| for the year                         | -                    | -                                 | -                                            | (714,743)                | (714,743)          |
| Issue of Shares                      | 3,451,671            | -                                 | -                                            | -                        | 3,451,671          |
| Costs of issue                       | (93,965)             | -                                 | -                                            | -                        | (93,965)           |
| Grant of options                     | -                    | 144,505                           | -                                            | -                        | 144,505            |
| Reclassification of expired  options | -                    | (33,744)                          | -                                            | 33,744                   | -                  |
| Balance at 30 June 2021              | 41,641,845           | 164,172                           | 1,512                                        | (38,354,725)             | 3,452,804          |

The above statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes .

26

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Consolidated Statement of Cash

Flows

For the year ended 30 June 2022

|                                                        | Note   | 2022  $     | 2021  $     |
|--------------------------------------------------------|--------|-------------|-------------|
| Cash flows from operating activities                   |        |             |             |
| Administration fees received                           |        | 9,808       | -           |
| Payments to suppliers and employees                    |        | (1,074,943) | (730,384)   |
| Government Grants - Covid                              |        | -           | 20,000      |
| Net cash outflows from operating activities            | 18     | (1,065,135) | (710,384)   |
| Cash flows from investing activities                   |        |             |             |
| Payments to suppliers - exploration                    |        | (1,409,191) | (1,221,259) |
| Payments for exploration vehicles, plant and equipment |        | (2,188)     | (149,915)   |
| Proceeds from exploration grant                        |        | 110,906     | -           |
| Net cash outflows from investing activities            |        | (1,300,473) | (1,371,174) |
| Cash flows from financing activities                   |        |             |             |
| Proceeds from the issue of shares                      |        | 2,574,000   | 3,449,671   |
| Share issue costs                                      |        | (117,638)   | (93,965)    |
| Net cash inflows from financing activities             |        | 2,456,362   | 3,355,706   |
| Net increase in cash held                              |        | 90,754      | 1,274,148   |
| Cash at the beginning of reporting period              |        | 1,419,805   | 145,657     |
| Cash at the end of the reporting period                |        | 1,510,559   | 1,419,805   |

The above statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

27

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 1: Statement of significant accounting policies

## (a) Basis of preparation

The financial report is a general-purpose financial report,  which  has  been  prepared  in  accordance with  the  requirements  of  the Corporations  Act 2001 ,  Accounting  Standards  and  Interpretations and  other  requirements  of  the  law.  The  financial report has also been prepared on a historical cost basis. The Parent Entity is registered and domiciled in Australia.

permits  be  ultimately  surrendered  or  cancelled. Having assessed the potential uncertainties relating  to  the  Group's  ability  to  effectively  fund exploration  activities  and  operating  expenditures, the Directors believe that the Group will continue to operate  as  a  going  concern  for  the  foreseeable future. Therefore, the Directors consider it appropriate to prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis

The financial statements comprise the consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  Group. For  the  purposes  of  preparing  the  consolidated financial  statements,  the  Company  is  a  for-profit entity.The  financial  statements  are  presented  in Australian dollars, unless otherwise stated.

## Going concern

For  the  year  ended  30  June  2022  the  Group incurred  a  net  cash  outflow  from  operating  and investing activities of $2,365,608 (2021: $2,081,558) and a net loss after tax of $1,104,118 (2021: $714,743). As at 30 June 2022, the Group has positive working capital of $1,423,045 (2021: $1,154,257).

Directors  expect  that  the  group  will  be  able  to successfully raise sufficient funding to enable it to continue as a going concern for at least 12 months from the signing of annual financial report.

The Group raised $1,403,353 (before costs) in a rights  issue  completed  during  September  2022. (Note 17).

This financial report has been prepared on a going concern basis which contemplates the continuity of normal  business  activities  and  the  realisation  of assets and settlement of liabilities in the ordinary course  of  business.  In  the  event  that  sufficient funds  are  not  raised  to  meet  all  of  the  Group's commitments,  debt  and  payables,  the  interest  in some  or  all  of  the  Group's  tenements  may  be affected  and  all  assets  and  liabilities  may  not  be realised at the amounts disclosed. No adjustments have been made relating to the recoverability and reclassification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Group not continue as a going concern, particularly the write-down of capitalised exploration expenditure should the exploration

## (b) Adoption of new and revised standards Changes in accounting policies on initial application of Accounting Standards

The Group has adopted all of the new and revised Accounting  Standards  issued  by  the  Australian Accounting  Standards  Board  (AASB)  that  are relevant to its operations and effective for annual reporting periods beginning on 1 July 2021.

## (c) Statement of compliance

The financial report was authorised by the board of directors for issue on 29 September 2022.

The  consolidated  financial  report  is  a  general purpose financial report which has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards, including the Accounting Interpretations, issued by the Australian Accounting  Standards  Board  ('AASB')  and  the Corporations Act 2001 .  The financial report of the company  complies  with  International  Financial Reporting Standards and interpretations adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board

## (d) Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements consolidate those of the parent company  and  all of its subsidiaries  as  of  30  June  2022  ('Group').  The Parent controls a subsidiary if it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the subsidiary  and  has the  ability to affect those returns through its power over the subsidiary. All subsidiaries have a reporting date of 30 June.

28

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 1: Statement of significant accounting policies (continued)

All  transactions  and  balances  between  Group companies are eliminated on consolidation, including unrealised gains and losses on transactions  between  Group  companies.  Where unrealised losses on intra-group asset sales are reversed on consolidation, the underlying asset is also tested for impairment from a group perspective.

Amounts reported in the financial  statements  of subsidiaries have been adjusted where necessary to ensure consistency with the accounting policies adopted by the Group.

Profit or loss and other comprehensive income of subsidiaries  acquired  or  disposed  of  during  the year  are  recognised  from  the  effective  date  of acquisition, or up to the effective date of disposal, as applicable.

Non-controlling  interests,  presented  as  part  of equity,  represent  the  portion  of  a  subsidiary's profit or loss and net assets that is not held by the Group. The Group attributes total comprehensive income  or loss of subsidiaries between  the owners  of  the  parent  and  the  non-controlling interests  based  on  their  respective  ownership interests.

## (e) Exploration and evaluation

Exploration  and  evaluation  assets,  including  the costs  of  acquiring  tenements,  are  capitalised  as exploration  and evaluation assets on an area of interest basis.  Exploration and evaluation assets are only recognised if the rights to tenure of the area of interest are current and either:

- (i) the expenditures are expected to be recouped through successful development and exploitation of the area of  interest,  or  alternatively,  by  its  sale  or partial sale: or
- (ii) activities in the area of interest have not at the reporting date, reached a stage which permits  a  reasonable  assessment  of  the existence  or  otherwise  of  economically recoverable reserves and active and significant operations in, or in relation to, the area of interest are continuing.

The tests contained in AASB6.20 are applied to determine  whether  exploration  and  evaluation assets are assessed for impairment indicators:

- (i) the exploration and evaluation tenure right has expired or are expected to expire in the near future, and is not expected to be renewed.
- (ii) substantive expenditure on further exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources  in  the  specific  area  is  neither budgeted nor planned.
- (iii) exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources in the specific area have not led to  the  discovery  of  commercially  viable quantities  of  mineral  resources  and  the entity  has  decided  to  discontinue  such activities in the specific area.
- (iv) sufficient data exist to indicate that, although  a  development  in  the  specific area  is  likely  to  proceed,  the  carrying amount of the exploration and evaluation asset  is  unlikely  to  be  recovered  in  full from successful development or by sale

## (f) Revenue and other income

Revenue  is  recognised  to  the  extent  that  it  is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the revenue can be reliably measured. The following specific recognition criteria must also be met before revenue is recognised:

## Interest income

Interest revenue is recognised on a time proportionate  basis  that  takes  into  account  the effective yield on the financial asset.

## (g) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash comprises cash at bank and in hand. Cash equivalents are short term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts  of  cash  and  which  are  subject  to  an insignificant risk of changes in value.  Temporary bank overdrafts are included in cash at bank and in  hand.  Permanent  bank  overdrafts  are  shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the statement of financial position.

29

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 1: Statement of significant accounting policies (continued)

For the purposes of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts.

## (h) Income tax

Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to  the  taxation  authorities.  The  tax  rates  and  tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted by the balance date.

- · when the deductible temporary difference is associated with investments in controlled entities, associates or interests in joint ventures, in which case a deferred tax asset is  only  recognised  to  the  extent  that  it  is probable  that  the  temporary  difference  will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be  available against  which  the temporary difference can be utilised.

Deferred income tax is provided on all temporary differences  at  the  balance  date  between  the  tax bases  of  assets  and  liabilities  and  their  carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences except:

- · when the deferred income tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; or
- · when  the  taxable  temporary  difference  is associated with investments in controlled entities, associates or interests in joint ventures, and the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax assets and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available  against  which  the  deductible  temporary differences  and  the  carry-forward  of  unused  tax credits  and  unused  tax  losses  can  be  utilised, except:

- · when the deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; or

The  carrying  amount  of  deferred  income  tax assets  is  reviewed  at  each  balance  date  and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that  sufficient  taxable  profit  will  be  available  to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilised.

Unrecognised  deferred  income  tax  assets  are reassessed at each balance date and are recognised  to  the  extent  that  it  has  become probable  that  future  taxable  profit  will  allow  the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred  income  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are measured  at  the  tax  rates  that  are  expected  to apply  to  the  financial  period  when  the  asset  is realised  or  the  liability  is  settled,  based  on  tax rates  (and  tax  laws)  that  have  been  enacted  or substantively enacted at the balance date.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset only if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.

## (i) Other taxes

Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST except:

- · when the GST incurred on a purchase of goods and services is not recoverable from the  taxation  authority,  in  which  case  the GST  is  recognised  as  part  of  the  cost  of acquisition  of  the  asset  or  as  part  of  the expense item as applicable; and
- · receivables and payables, which are stated with the amount of GST included

30

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 1: Statement of significant accounting policies (continued)

The  net  amount  of  GST  recoverable  from,  or payable to, the taxation authority is included  as part of receivables or payables in the statement of financial position.

## (j) Impairment of assets

Cash flows are included in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis and the GST component of cash flows arising from investing and financing activities,  which is recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority, are classified as operating cash flows.

Commitments and contingencies are disclosed net of the amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority.

## (j) Motor Vehicles, plant and equipment

Motor Vehicles Plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment. Costs include expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the item. In the event that settlement of all or part of the purchase consideration is deferred, costs are determined by discounting the amounts payable in the future to their present value as at the date of acquisition. Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.

All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the financial period in which they incurred.

All  tangible  assets  have  limited  useful  lives  and are  depreciated  using  the  straight-line  method over their existing useful lives.

Depreciation is calculated as follows:

Motor Vehicles, plant and equipment

10% - 33% on a straight line basis

The  assets'  residual  values,  useful  lives  and amortisation methods are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each financial period end.

The  carrying  amounts  of  the  company's  assets are reviewed at each  statement of financial position  date  to  determine  whether  there  are indicators of impairment.  At each reporting date the  company  assesses  whether  there  is  any indication that individual assets  are  impaired. Where  impairment  indicators  exist,  recoverable amount is determined and impairment losses are recognised  in  profit  or  loss  where  the  asset's carrying  value  exceeds  its  recoverable  amount. Recoverable amount is the higher  of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purpose  of assessing  value  in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present  value  using  a  pre-tax  discount  rate  that reflects  current  market  assessments  of  the  time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

## (k) Trade and other payables

Trade payables and other payables are carried at amortised cost and represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end  of  the  financial  period  that  are  unpaid  and arise when the Group becomes obliged to make future  payments  in  respect  of  the  purchase  of these goods and services.

## (l)Provisions

Where  applicable, provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive)  as  a  result  of  a  past  event,  it  is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic  benefits  will  be  required  to  settle  the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

When  the  Group  expects  some  or  all  of  a provision to be reimbursed, for example under an insurance contract, the reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset but only when the reimbursement is virtually  certain.  The  expense relating  to any  provision  is  presented  in  the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income net of any reimbursement.

If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects the risks specific to the liability.

Motor Vehicles, plant and equipment

10% - 33% on a straight line basis

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 1: Statement of significant accounting policies (continued)

When discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a borrowing cost.

based compensation benefit as at the date of modification.

## (m) Share-based payment transactions

## Equity settled transactions

Equity-settled transactions are awards of shares, or options over shares, that are provided to employees or consultants in exchange for the rendering  of  services  or  to incentivise the receiver in their future efforts.

The  cost  of  equity-settled  transactions  are measured  at  fair  value  on  grant  date.  Fair value determined using a Black-Scholes option  pricing  model  that  takes  into  account the exercise price, the term of the option, the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying share, the expected dividend yield and the risk free  interest  rate  for  the  term  of  the  option, together  with  non-vesting  conditions  that  do not determine whether the Consolidated Entity receives the services that entitle the employees to receive payment. No account is taken of any other vesting conditions.

The  cost  of  equity-settled  transactions  are recognised as an expense with a corresponding  increase  in  equity  over  the vesting period. The cumulative charge to profit or loss is calculated based on the grant date fair value of the award, the best estimate of the number of awards that are likely to vest and the expired portion of the vesting period. The amount  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  for  the period is the cumulative amount calculated at each  reporting  date  less  amounts  already recognised in previous periods.

Market conditions are taken into consideration in determining fair value. Therefore, any awards subject to market conditions are considered to vest irrespective of whether or not that market condition has been  met, provided all other conditions are satisfied.

If equity-settled  awards  are  modified,  as  a minimum an expense is recognised as if the modification has not been made. An additional expense  is  recognised,  over  the  remaining vesting period, for any modification that increases  the  total  fair  value  of  the  share-

If the non-vesting condition is within the control of  the  Consolidated  Entity  or  employee,  the failure  to  satisfy  the  condition  is  treated  as  a cancellation. If the condition is not within the control of the Consolidated Entity or employee and is not satisfied during the vesting period, any remaining expense  for the award  is recognised over the remaining vesting period, unless the award is forfeited.

If equity-settled  awards  are  cancelled,  it  is treated  as  if  it  has  vested  on  the  date  of cancellation,  and  any  remaining  expense  is recognised immediately. If a new replacement award is substituted for the cancelled award, the cancelled and new award is treated as if they were a modification.

.

## (n) Issued capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

## (o) Earnings per share

Basic  earnings  per  share  is  calculated  as  net profit  attributable  to  members  of  the  parent, adjusted to exclude any costs of servicing equity (other  than  dividends)  and  preference  share dividends,  divided  by  the  weighted  average number of ordinary shares.

## (p) Foreign currency translation

Both the functional and presentation currency of Peako Limited and its Australian subsidiaries is Australian  dollars.  Each  entity  in  the  Group determines  its  own  functional  currency  and items  included  in  the  financial  statements  of each entity are measured using that functional currency.

Transactions  in  foreign  currencies  are  initially recorded in the functional currency by applying the  exchange  rates  ruling  at  the  date  of  the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate of exchange ruling at the balance date.

32

## Notes to the Financial Statements For the Year Ended 30 June 2022 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## Note 1: Statement of significant accounting policies (continued)

All  exchange  differences  in  the  consolidated financial report are taken to profit or loss with the exception  of  differences  on  foreign  currency borrowings that provide a hedge against a net investment in a foreign entity. These are taken directly  to  equity  until  the  disposal  of  the  net investment, at which time they are recognised in profit or loss. (u) Financial Instruments Recognition and derecognition Financial assets  and  financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument.  Financial  assets  are  derecognised when  the  contractual  rights  to  the  cash  flows from  the  financial  asset  expire,  or  when  the

Tax charges   and substantially all the risks and and credits attributable to exchange differences on those borrowings are  is also recognised in equity.  it financial asset rewards  are  transferred.  A  financial  liability derecognised when is extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires.

Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost  in a  foreign  currency  are translated  using  the  exchange  rate  as  at  the date  of  the  initial  transaction.  Non-monetary items measured  at  fair value in a foreign currency  are  translated  using  the  exchange rates  at  the  date  when  the  fair  value  was determined.  with  AASB  15,  all  financial  assets Classification and initial measurement of financial assets Except for those trade receivables that do  not contain  a  significant  financing  component  and are measured at the transaction price in accordance are initially measured at fair value adjusted for

The  saction costs (where applicable). functional currencies of the foreign operations are not nominated  in Australian Dollars. As at the balance date the assets and  d liabilities  of  these  subsidiaries  are  translated  re into the presentation currency of Peako Limited at  the  rate  of  exchange  ruling  at  the  balance date and their income statements are translated at the weighted average exchange rate for the year. The exchange differences arising on the translations  are  taken  directly  to  a  separate component of recognised in the foreign currency translation reserve in equity.  e  corporation  does tran Financial  assets,  other  than  those  designate and effective as hedging instruments, a classified into the following categories: · amortised cost · fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) · fair value  through  other  comprehensive income (FVOCI). In  the  periods  presented  th ot  have  any  financial  assets  categorised  as n

On  disposal  of  a  foreign  entity,  the  deferred  h: cumulative amount recognised in equity relating g to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss. FVOCI. The classification is determined by bot · the  entity's  business  model  for  managin the financial asset · the contractual cash flow characteristics of

## (q) Trade and other receivables and contract assets the financial asset

The  ts that are recognised in profit or loss are company  makes  uses  of a simplified approach  in  accounting  for  trade  and  other receivables  as  well  as  contract  assets  and records the loss allowance as lifetime expected credit losses. These are the expected shortfalls in contractual cash flows, considering the potential for default at any point during the life of the financial instrument. In calculating, the company uses its historical experience, external indicators  and  forward-looking  information  to calculate  the  expected  credit  losses  using  a provision matrix. All  income  and  expenses  relating  to  financial asse presented within finance costs, finance income or other financial items, except for impairment of trade  receivables  which  is  presented  within other expenses.

## (r) Segment Reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner that is consistent with the internal reporting provided to the  chief  operating  decision  maker,  which  has been identified as the Board of Directors of Peako Limited. Subsequent measurement of financial assets

Financial  assets  are  measured  at  amortised

## (s) Parent entity financial information cost if the assets meet the following conditions

The  financial  information  for  the  parent  entity, Peako  Limited,  disclosed  in  Note  16  has  been prepared  on  the  same  basis  as  the  consolidated  l financial statements, except as set out below.  flows (and are not designated as FVTPL): · they are held within a business  model whose  objective  is  to  hold  the  financia assets and collect its contractual cash

## (i) Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities · the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise to cash  flows  that are solely

expected  credit  losses  -  the  'expected  credit

Investments  in  subsidiaries,  associates  and    the joint venture entities are accounted for at cost in the parent entity's financial statements. Dividends received from associates are recognised in the parent entity's profit or loss, rather  than  being  deducted  from  the  carrying amount of these investments. payments  of  principal  and  interest  on principal amount outstanding Impairment of financial assets AASB 9's impairment requirements use forward-looking information to recognise loss (ECL) model'.  Instruments included loans

## (t) Critical accounting estimates and judgements and other debt-type financial assets measured at amortised cost and FVOCI, trade receivables,

Management  assets determine  gnised the development,  d selection and disclosure of the company's critical d accounting  inancial policies uarantee and estimates  cts and  for  the e application of these policies and estimates. There e are  hrough profit or loss. no estimates and judgements that are considered to have a significant risk of causing a material  adjustment  to  the  carrying  amounts  of n assets and liabilities within the next financial year   ng contract reco and measure under  AASB  15  and  loan  commitments  an some  f g contra ( th issuer)  that  are  not  measured  at  fair  valu t The  Group  considers  a  range  of  informatio when  assessing credit risk and measuri expected  credit  losses,  including  past  events,

The  estimates  and  underlying  assumptions  are  le reviewed  on  an  ongoing  basis.  Revisions  are  y recognised in  the  period  in  which  the  estimate  is  n revised if it affects only that period, or in the period of  the  revision  and  future  periods  if  the  revision affects both current and future periods current conditions, reasonable and supportab forecasts that affect the expected collectabilit of  the  future  cash  flows  of  the  instrument.  I applying  this  approach,  a  distinction  is  made between: · financial instruments that have not

## Recovery of exploration expenditure deteriorated  significantly in

credit quality

Management exercise judgement as to whether exploration expenditure is assessed for impairment. Any judgement may change as new ted information becomes available. If, after having  initial capitalised exploration and evaluation  risk is not low expenditure, management concludes that the capitalised expenditure is unlikely to be recovered by future sale or exploitation, then the relevant capitalised amount will be written off through profit or loss and other comprehensive income. since  initial  recognition  or  that  have  low credit risk ('Stage 1') and · financial instruments that have deteriora significantly  in  credit  quality  since recognition and whose credit ('Stage 2').

34

33

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 1: Statement of significant accounting policies (continued)

## (u) Financial Instruments

Subsequent measurement of financial assets

## Recognition and derecognition

Financial assets  and  financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument.  Financial  assets  are  derecognised when  the  contractual  rights  to  the  cash  flows from  the  financial  asset  expire,  or  when  the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards  are  transferred.  A  financial  liability  is derecognised when it is extinguished, discharged, cancelled or expires.

Classification and initial measurement of financial assets

Except for those trade receivables that do  not contain  a  significant  financing  component  and are measured at the transaction price in accordance with AASB 15, all financial assets are initially measured at fair value adjusted for transaction costs (where applicable).

Financial  assets,  other  than  those  designated and effective as hedging instruments, are classified into the following categories:

- · amortised cost
- · fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
- · fair value  through  other  comprehensive income (FVOCI).

In  the  periods  presented  the  corporation  does not  have  any  financial  assets  categorised  as FVOCI. The classification is determined by both:

- · the  entity's  business  model  for  managing the financial asset
- · the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset

All  income  and  expenses  relating  to  financial assets that are recognised in profit or loss are presented within finance costs, finance income or other financial items, except for impairment of trade  receivables  which  is  presented  within other expenses.

Financial  assets  are  measured  at  amortised cost if the assets meet the following conditions (and are not designated as FVTPL):

- · they are held within a business  model whose  objective  is  to  hold  the  financial assets and collect its contractual cash flows
- · the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise to cash  flows  that are solely payments  of  principal  and  interest  on  the principal amount outstanding

## Impairment of financial assets

AASB 9's impairment requirements use forward-looking information to recognise expected  credit  losses  -  the  'expected  credit loss (ECL) model'.  Instruments included loans and other debt-type financial assets measured at amortised cost and FVOCI, trade receivables, contract assets recognised and measured under  AASB  15  and  loan  commitments  and some  financial  guarantee  contracts  (for  the issuer)  that  are  not  measured  at  fair  value through profit or loss.

The  Group  considers  a  range  of  information when  assessing credit risk and measuring expected  credit  losses,  including  past  events, current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the expected collectability of  the  future  cash  flows  of  the  instrument.  In applying  this  approach,  a  distinction  is  made between:

- · financial instruments that have not deteriorated  significantly in credit quality since  initial  recognition  or  that  have  low credit risk ('Stage 1') and
- · financial instruments that have deteriorated significantly  in  credit  quality  since  initial recognition and whose credit risk is not low ('Stage 2').

34

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 1: Statement of significant accounting policies (continued)

'Stage 3' would cover financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date. '12-month expected credit losses'  are  recognised  for  the  first  category while  gnised when the Group becomes a party to 'lifetime expected credit losses' are recognised for the second category.   e (u) Financial Instruments Recognition and derecognition Financial assets  and  financial liabilities are reco the contractual provisions of th financial instrument.  Financial  assets  are  derecognised

Measurement of  the  expected  credit  losses  is determined  by  a  probability-weighted  estimate of  credit  losses  over  the  expected  life  of  the financial instrument.   rred.  A  financial  liability  is when  the  contractual  rights  to  the  cash  flows from  the  financial  asset  expire,  or  when  the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards  are  transfe derecognised

when it

is extinguished,

Classification and  measurement  of  financial liabilities discharged, cancelled or expires.

The Group's financial liabilities include borrowings, trade and other payables and derivative financial instruments.  bles that do  not Classification and initial measurement of financial assets Except for those trade receiva

Subsequently, financial liabilities are measured at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest method  except  for  derivatives  and  financial liabilities lly measured at fair value adjusted for designated at FVTPL, which are carried subsequently at fair value with gains or losses  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  (other  than derivative    assets,  other  than  those  designated financial instruments that are designated  tive  and effective instruments, as hedging instruments).   the following categories: contain  a  significant  financing  component  and are measured at the transaction price in accordance with AASB 15, all financial ssets are initia transaction costs (where applicable). Financial and effec as hedging are classified into

•

amortised cost

All  interest-related  charges  and,  if  applicable, changes  in  an  instrument's  fair  value  that  are reported  in  profit  or  loss  are  included  within finance costs or finance income. · fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) · fair value  through  other  comprehensive income (FVOCI).

In  the  periods  presented  the  corporation  does not  have  any  financial  assets  categorised  as

FVOCI. The classification is determined by both:

•

the  entity's  business  model  for  managing the financial asset

the contractual cash flow characteristics of

•

the financial asset

All  income  and  expenses  relating  to  financial assets that are recognised in profit or loss are

presented within finance costs, finance income or other financial items, except for impairment of

trade  receivables  which  is  presented  within other expenses.

Subsequent measurement of financial assets

Financial  assets  are  measured  at  amortised cost if the assets meet the following conditions

(and are not designated as FVTPL):

•

they are

held within

a

business  model whose  objective  is  to  hold  the  financial

assets and collect its contractual cash flows the contractual terms of the financial assets

give rise

to cash  flows  that

are solely

payments  of  principal  and  interest  on  the principal amount outstanding

Impairment of financial assets

AASB

9's impairment

requirements use

forward-looking information

to recognise

expected  credit  losses  -  the  'expected  credit loss (ECL) model'.  Instruments included loans

and other debt-type financial assets measured at amortised cost and FVOCI, trade receivables,

contract assets

recognised and

measured under  AASB  15  and  loan  commitments  and

some  financial  guarantee  contracts  (for  the issuer)  that  are  not  measured  at  fair  value

through profit or loss.

The  Group  considers  a  range  of  information when  assessing

credit risk

and measuring

expected  credit  losses,  including  past  events, current conditions, reasonable and supportable

forecasts that affect the expected collectability of  the  future  cash  flows  of  the  instrument.  In

applying  this  approach,  a  distinction  is  made between:

•

financial instruments

that have

not deteriorated  significantly

in credit

quality since  initial  recognition  or  that  have  low

credit risk ('Stage 1') and financial instruments that have deteriorated

significantly  in  credit  quality  since  initial recognition and whose credit risk is not low

('Stage 2').

34

•

•

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 2: Income tax

-

-

-

-

7

|                                                                    | Consolidated   | Consolidated   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|
|                                                                    | 2022  $        | 2021  $        |
| Income  tax  expense  recognised  in  statement  of  comprehensive |                |                |
| income                                                             |                |                |
| Current income tax payable                                         | -              |                |
| Deferred income tax                                                |                |                |
| Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences      | -              |                |
| Income tax expense                                                 | -              |                |
| Reconciliation to income tax expense on accounting loss            |                |                |
| Accounting loss before tax                                         | (1,104,118)    | (714,743)      |
| Tax benefit at the statutory income tax rate of 30%                | (331,235)      | (214,423)      |
| Non-deductible expenses                                            | 41,289         |                |
| Non-assessable income                                              | -              |                |
| Unrealised tax losses not recognised                               | 669,762        | 598,162        |
| Temporary differences not recognised                               | (379,816)      | (383,746)      |
| Income tax expense                                                 | -              | -              |
| Unrecognised deferred tax balances                                 |                |                |
| Deferred tax assets:                                               |                |                |
| Tax revenue losses (Australian)                                    | 20,677,992     | 18,309,724     |
| Tax capital losses (Australian)                                    | 4,430,516      | 4,430,516      |
| Tax revenue losses (Foreign)                                       | -              | 135,727        |
| Unamortised business related costs                                 | (105,207)      | (54,003)       |
| Accruals &amp; provisions                                              | 43,229         | 26,000         |
| Deferred tax liabilities:                                          |                |                |
| Exploration expenses                                               | (3,577,613)    | (2,262,491)    |
| Net unrecognised deferred tax assets                               | 21,468,917     | 20,585,473     |
| Potential tax benefit @ 30% (2021: 30%)                            | 6,440,675      | 6,175,642      |

The deductible temporary differences and tax losses do not expire under current tax legislation.

Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these items because there is presently no expectation of future taxable profit against which the Group could utilise such benefits.

## Note 3: Earnings per share

The loss and weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation of basic and dilutive loss per share is as follows:

| Net loss for the year                           | (1,104,118)   | (714,743)   |
|-------------------------------------------------|---------------|-------------|
| The weighted average number of ordinary shares  | 304,111,248   | 177,758,267 |
| Total basic and dilutive loss per share (cents) | (0.36)        | (0.40)      |

Despite  having  options  on  issue,  basic  and  dilutive  loss  per  share  are  the  same  as  there  is  a  loss position and to include options would be anti-dilutive.

36

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS AT 30 JUNE 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

|                                     | Consolidated 2022  $   | 2021  $   |
|-------------------------------------|------------------------|-----------|
| Note 4: Trade and other receivables |                        |           |
| GST                                 | 50,047                 | 75,120    |
| Trade and other receivables         | 42,707                 | 32,629    |
|                                     | 92,754                 | 107,749   |

The carrying amount of all receivables is equal to their fair value as they are short term. At 30 June 2022 no receivables are impaired or past due. All receivables are non-interest bearing.

## Note 5: Prepayments

| Balance at the beginning of the year   | 107,657   | 27,200   |
|----------------------------------------|-----------|----------|
| Prepaid tenement rent for the year     | 68,912    | 80,457   |
| Balance at the end of the year         | 176,569   | 107,657  |

The Company applied for exploration tenements E80/5658, E805703, E80/5704, E80/5706, E80/5758 and E80/5779 during the year ended 30 June 2022. Prior year applications for exploration tenements are E80/5472, E805520, E80/5623 and E80/5624 during the year ended 30 June 2021 and E80/5346 in March 2019. If a tenement is granted rent paid on application will cover rent required on the first year of exploration in the tenement. As at 30 June 2022 and to the date of signing the report the tenement applications have not been granted. If a tenement is not granted the rent paid on application is fully refundable.

## Note 6: Motor Vehicles

-

-

-

| Balance at the beginning of the year      | 94,736    |           |
|-------------------------------------------|-----------|-----------|
| Additions                                 | -         | 100,800   |
| Depreciation                              | (23,185)  | (6,064)   |
| Balance at the end of the year            | 71,551    | 94,736    |
| Note 7: Plant and Equipment               |           |           |
| Balance at the beginning of the year      | 48,977    |           |
| Additions                                 | 2,187     | 49,115    |
| Depreciation                              | (10,162)  | (138)     |
| Balance at the end of the year            | 41,002    | 48,977    |
| Note 8: Exploration and evaluation assets |           |           |
| Balance at the beginning of the year      | 2,154,834 | 861,929   |
| Costs for the year                        | 1,340,248 | 1,292,905 |
| Impairment of exploration asset           | 94,039    |           |
| Balance at the end of the year            | 3,401,43  | 2,154,834 |

The  recoupment  of  exploration  costs  carried  forward  is  dependent  upon  the  recoupment  of  costs through successful development and commercial exploitation, or alternatively by sale of the respective areas. Exploration assets relate to the areas of interest in the exploration phase for minerals exploration licences as shown in the table below:

| 30/06/2022   | 30/06/2021   | Notes                                                               |
|--------------|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| E 45/3278    | E 45/3278    | Granted 30 September 2016. Surrendered 19 September 2022 (Note 17). |
| E 80/4990    | E 80/4990    | Granted 4 October 2017                                              |
| E 80/5182    | E 80/5182    | Granted 28 September 2018                                           |

Notes to the Financial Statements

37

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

|                                                      | Consolidated 2022  $   | 2021  $   |
|------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|-----------|
| Note 9: Trade and other payables                     |                        |           |
| Current                                              |                        |           |
| Trade and other payables*                            | 212,279                | 309,370   |
| Director-related entities - other payables (Note 15) | 131,329                | 171,584   |
|                                                      | 343,608                | 480,954   |

## Note 10: Issued Capital

As at 30 June 2022 there were 234,911,319 fully paid ordinary shares on issue (2021: 234,911,319).

|                                    | Consolidated   | Consolidated   | Consolidated   | Consolidated   |
|------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|----------------|----------------|
| Movement in ordinary share capital | 2022  $        | 2021  $        | 2022  #        | 2021  #        |
| At the beginning of the year       | 41,641,845     | 38,284,139     | 234,911,319    | 128,931,579    |
| Shares issued during the year      | 2,574,000      | 3,451,671      | 73,542,782     | 105,979,740    |
| Costs associated with share issue  | (29,638)       | (93,965)       | -              | -              |
| Balance at the end of the year     | 44,186,207     | 41,641,845     | 308,454,101    | 234,911,319    |

Ordinary shares entitle the  holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on the winding up of the Company in proportion  to  the  number  of  and  amounts  paid  on  the  shares.  On  a  show  of  hands  every shareholder of ordinary shares present at a meeting in person or by proxy is entitled to one vote and upon a poll each share is entitled to one vote. Ordinary shares have no par value and the Company does not have a limited amount of authorised capital.

| Movement in options            | 2022  Listed   | 2021  Listed   | 2022  Unlisted   | 2021  Unlisted   |
|--------------------------------|----------------|----------------|------------------|------------------|
| At the beginning of the year   | -              | -              | 57,737,799       | 13,000,000       |
| Options granted                | -              | -              | 65,199,980 1     | 46,737,799 1     |
| Expired                        | -              | -              | (93,937,779)     | (2,000,000)      |
| Exercised                      | -              | -              |                  |                  |
| Balance at the end of the year | -              | -              | 29,000,000       | 57,737,799       |

1 58,199,980 options were granted to shareholders who participated in the placements that occurred during the year ended 30 June 2022. The balance of 7,000,000 options granted for the year ended 30 June 2022 were granted to directors, an employee and consultants (Note 12).

## Note 11: Reserves

|                                           | Consolidated   | Consolidated   |
|-------------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|
|                                           | 2022           | 2021           |
|                                           | $              | $              |
| Foreign currency translation reserve  (a) | -              | 1,512          |
| Share compensation reserve  (b)           | 206,401        | 164,172        |
|                                           | 206,401        | 165,684        |

38

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 12: Share based payments

|                                                         | Consolidated   | Consolidated   |
|---------------------------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|
|                                                         | 2022           | 2021           |
|                                                         | $              | $              |
| Shared based payment expense - directors                | 6,949          | 53,295         |
| Share based payment expense - consultants and employees | 36,644         | 92,210         |
|                                                         | 43,593         | 145,505        |

## Share options to directors

$4,657 has been recognised for the year ended 30 June 2022.

3,000,000 options were granted to directors in the year ended 30 June 2022. (2021: 7,000,000 options). On 26 November 2021 3,000,000 options were  granted  to  Pau  Kitto.  The  options  have  an employment condition and so vest over that service condition.

The  3,000,000  options  granted  to  directors  were valued  using  the  Black  Scholes  Option  Valuation model and the following inputs:

Exercise price

6 -20 cents

Share price at approval date

2.3 cents

Maximum option life

3.0 years

Expected volatility

88%

Risk free interest rate

0.93%

The  fair  value  of  this  share  based  payment  (for accounting) at grant date was $17,191. The options vest  over  the  service  condition  so  a  share  based payment expense with a corresponding increase in equity of $3,448 has been recognised for the year ended 30 June 2022.

Options granted to directors in prior years have an employment condition and so vest over the service condition. A  share  based  payment  expense  of $3,501 has been recognised for the year ended 30 June 2022 for these options.

## Share options to others

## Share options to a consultant

The 500,000 options granted to  consultants on 31 July 2021 have no employment condition and so vest on  grant  date.  They  were  valued  using  the  Black Scholes  Option Valuation  model  and  the  following inputs:

Exercise price

6.0 cents

Share price at approval date

3.2 cents

Maximum option life

1.9 years

Expected volatility

88%

Risk free interest rate

0.20%

The  fair  value  of  this  share  based  payment  (for accounting) at grant date was $4,657. The options vest on grant of the option so a share based payment expense with a corresponding increase in equity of

## Share options to an executive

The 1,000,000 options granted to an executive on 26 November 2021 have an employment condition and so vest over the service condition. They were valued using the Black Scholes Option Valuation model and the following inputs:

Exercise price

6  cents

Share price at approval date

2.3 cents

Maximum option life

3.0 years

Expected volatility

88%

Risk free interest rate

0.93%

The  fair  value  of  this  share  based  payment  (for accounting) at grant date was $3,805. The options vest  over  the  service  condition  so  a  share  based payment expense with a corresponding increase in equity  of  $751  has  been  recognised  for  the  year ended 30 June 2022.

## Share options to an employee

The 3,000,000 options granted to an employee on 1 December 2021 have an employment condition and so vest over the life of the option. They were valued using the Black Scholes Option Valuation model and the following inputs:

Exercise price

6 -20 cents

Share price at approval date

2.3 cents

Maximum option life

3.0 years

Expected volatility

88%

Risk free interest rate

0.93%

The  fair  value  of  this  share  based  payment  (for accounting) at grant date was $13,837. The options vest  over  the  service  condition  so  a  share  based payment expense with a corresponding increase in equity of $3,945 has been recognised for the year ended 30 June 2022.

Options  granted  to  others  in  prior  years  have  an employment condition and so vest over the service condition. A  share  based  payment  expense  of $27,091 has been recognised for the year ended 30 June 2022 for these options.

39

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 13: Financial instruments

## Capital risk management

Prudent  capital  risk  management  implies  maintaining  sufficient  cash  and  marketable  securities  to ensure continuity of tenure to exploration assets and to be able to conduct the Group's business in an orderly and professional manner. The Board monitors its future capital requirements on a regular basis and will when appropriate consider the need for raising additional equity capital, debt funding or to farmout exploration projects as a means of preserving capital.

## Categories of financial instruments

The Group's principal financial instruments comprise of cash and short-term deposits and short term borrowings.  The  main  purpose  of  these  financial  instruments  is  to  raise  finance  for  the  Group's operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations.  It is, and has been throughout the period under review, the Group's policy that no trading in financial instruments shall be undertaken.

## Financial risk management objectives

The Group is exposed to market risk (including, interest rate risk and equity price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

The main risks arising from the Group's financial instruments are interest rate risk and credit risk. The Board reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below.

40

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 13: Financial instruments (continued)

## Market risk

There has been no change to the Group's exposure to market risks or the manner in which it manages and measures the risk from the previous period.

## Interest rate risk management

All cash balances attract a floating rate of interest. Excess funds that are not required in the short term are placed on deposit for a period of no more than 6 months. The Group's exposure to interest rate risk and the effective interest rate by maturity periods is set out below.

## Interest rate sensitivity analysis

At 30 June 2022, if interest rates had changed on cash and cash equivalent by 100 basis points (1%) and all other variables were held constant, the Group's after tax profit would have been $10,574 (2021: $9,939) lower/higher as a result of higher/lower interest income on cash and cash equivalents.

## Credit risk management

Credit risk relates to the risk that counterparties will default on their contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the Group. The Group has adopted a policy of only dealing with credit worthy counterparties and obtaining sufficient collateral or other security where appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of financial loss from any defaults.

## Foreign currency risk

The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk on purchases that are denominated in a currency other than the respective functional currency. The functional currency of the group is denominated is Australian dollars.

## Liquidity risk management

Liquidity risk is the risk that the group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. Liquidity risk is monitored to ensure sufficient monies are available to meet contractual obligations as and when they fall due.

The  following  are  the  contractual  maturities  of  the  financial  liabilities,  including  interest  payments. Contractual amounts have not been discounted.

-

-

-

-

-

|                                      | Carrying  Amount  $   | Contractual  cash flows  $   | 0-12  months  $   | 1-2 years  $   | 2-10 years  $   |
|--------------------------------------|-----------------------|------------------------------|-------------------|----------------|-----------------|
| 30 June 2022 Consolidated:           |                       |                              |                   |                |                 |
| Non-derivative Financial Liabilities |                       |                              |                   |                |                 |
| Trade and other payables             | 343,608               | 343,608                      | 343,608           | -              |                 |
| Borrowings                           | -                     | -                            | -                 | -              |                 |
|                                      | 343,608               | 343,608                      | 343,608           | -              |                 |
| 30 June 2021 Consolidated:           |                       |                              |                   |                |                 |
| Non-derivative Financial Liabilities |                       |                              |                   |                |                 |
| Trade and other payables             | 480,954               | 480,954                      | 480,954           | -              |                 |
| Borrowings                           | -                     | -                            | -                 | -              | -               |
|                                      | 480,954               | 480,954                      | 480,954           | -              |                 |

41

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 14: Commitments for expenditure

|                                               | Consolidated   | 2021    |
|-----------------------------------------------|----------------|---------|
|                                               | 2022           | $       |
|                                               | $              |         |
| Not longer than 1 year                        | 74,250         | 40,000  |
| Longer than 1 year and not longer than 5 year | 195,000        | 492,000 |
|                                               | 269,290        | 532,000 |

## Expenditure commitments (minerals)

The  Group  had  a  commitment  in  minerals  tenement  E45/3278  of  $50,000.  The  permit  year  ended  29 September each year until 2026.The permit was surrendered 19 September 2022 (Note 17).

On 4 October 2017 the Group was granted minerals tenement E80/4990. On 28 September 2018 the Group was granted minerals tenement E80/5182. Combined expenditure has been granted by the Western Australia Department of Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety allowing for expenditure obligations for E80/4990 and E80/5182 to be combined. The yearly combined expenditure commitment is $297,000.

## Note 15: Related party disclosure

The ultimate  parent entity  in  the  wholly-owned  group  and  the  ultimate  Australian  parent  entity  is  Peako Limited. The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Peako Limited and the controlled entities listed in the following table:

| Name of entity                    | Country of             | Class of shares   | Equity holding %   | Equity holding %   |
|-----------------------------------|------------------------|-------------------|--------------------|--------------------|
|                                   | incorporation          |                   | 2022               | 2021               |
| Peako Resources Pty Ltd           | Australia              | Ordinary          | 100                | 100                |
| Peak Royalties Ltd (1)            | British Virgin Islands | Ordinary          | -                  | 100                |
| Peak Oil &amp; Gas Philippines Ltd(1) | British Virgin Islands | Ordinary          | -                  | 100                |
| Energy Best Limited(1)            | British Virgin Islands | Ordinary          | -                  | 100                |
| SA Drilling Pty Ltd               | Australia              | Ordinary          | 100                | 100                |
| Samarai Pty Ltd                   | Australia              | Ordinary          | 100                | 100                |
| EKEX Pty Ltd                      | Australia              | Ordinary          | 100                |                    |

-

## Director-related entities

During the year services and/or facilities were provided under normal commercial terms and conditions by director-related entities as disclosed below:

|                            |                   |                                        | Amounts Paid   | Amounts Paid   | Payable at   | Payable at   |
|----------------------------|-------------------|----------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|--------------|--------------|
| Entity                     | Related  director | Service                                | 2022   $       | 2021   $       | 30/06/22  $  | 30/06/21  $  |
| Samika Pty Ltd             | RL Clark          | Consulting                             | 92,400         | 68,415         | -            | -            |
| Exoil Pty Ltd              | EG Albers         | Office services                        | 114,292        | 87,612         | 44,568       | 55,466       |
| PA Kitto                   | PA Kitto          | Exploration consulting                 | 49,200         | -              | 11,400       | -            |
| Enegex Limited             | EG Albers         | Geological services                    | 4,200          | 15,950         | 3,010        | 18,271       |
| Natural  Resources         | EG Albers         | Project management                     | 20,000         | 20,000         | 20,000       | 20,000       |
| Octanex Limited  EG Albers |                   | Accounting and  administrative support | 168,820        | 147,045        | 52,351       | 77,847       |
|                            |                   |                                        | 448,912        | 339,022        | 131,329      | 171,584      |

42

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 16: Parent entity disclosure

-

|                            | Parent Entity   | Parent Entity   |
|----------------------------|-----------------|-----------------|
|                            | 2022  $         | 2021  $         |
| Financial position         |                 |                 |
| Current assets             | 1,553,133       | 1,452,434       |
| Non-current assets         | 3627,327        | 2,333,866       |
| Total assets               | 5,180,460       | 3,786,300       |
| Current liabilities        | 306,790         | 405,834         |
| Non-current liabilities    | -               |                 |
| Total liabilities          | 306,790         | 405,834         |
| Net Assets                 | 4,873,670       | 3,380,466       |
| Issued capital             | 66,103,079      | 63,558,717      |
| Accumulated losses         | (61,266,140)    | (60,276,129)    |
| Options reserve            | 36,731          | 97,878          |
| Total Equity               | 4,873,670       | 3,380,466       |
| Financial performance      |                 |                 |
| Loss for the year          | (1,095,752)     | (659,843)       |
| Other comprehensive income |                 |                 |
| Total comprehensive loss   |                 |                 |
|                            | (1,095,752)     | (659,843)       |

## Note 17 Matters Subsequent to Balance Date

On 2 September 2022 the company announced that a Non Renounceable Rights Issue (Rights Issue) had  closed  oversubscribed,  raising  a  total  of  $1,223,353  before  costs.  To  accommodate  excess demand, the Company also agreed to undertake a placement to raise an additional $180,000 on the same terms and conditions as the Rights Issue offer. Total funds realised prior to costs were $1,403,353.

On 19  September  2022  the  company  relinquished  its  exploration  tenure  in  the  Paterson  region  of Western Australia which comprised one granted exploration licence as well as three exploration licence applications. The carrying value of the exploration licence E45/3278, $94,039 was written off at 30 June 2022. Costs associated with the three licence applications had not been capitalised.

43

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 18: Reconciliation of loss after income tax to net cash outflow from operating activities

-

-

-

|                                                             | Consolidated   | Consolidated   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|----------------|
|                                                             | 2022  $        | 2021  $        |
| Net loss for the year                                       | (1,104,118)    | (714,743)      |
| Depreciation                                                | 33,348         | 6,202          |
| Capitalisation of salary/consultant costs                   | (262,570)      | (89,100)       |
| Grant of options                                            | 43,593         | 144,505        |
| Impairment of exploration asset                             | 94,039         |                |
| Employee provisions                                         | 13,229         |                |
| (Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables          | 14,995         | (99,828)       |
| Decrease (increase)  in trade and other payables            | 69,005         | (85,642)       |
| Exploration expensed                                        | 33,344         | 128,221        |
| Net cash outflow from operating activities                  | (1,065,135)    | (710,385)      |
| Note 19: Auditor's remuneration                             |                |                |
| The auditors of the Group are Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd. |                |                |
| Assurance services                                          |                |                |
| Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd                                | 50,303         | 52,876         |
| Non-Audit services                                          |                |                |
| Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd                                | -              |                |
|                                                             | 50,303         | 52,876         |

## Note 20: Segment information

Under AASB 8 Operating Segments, segment information is presented using a 'management approach', i.e.  segment  information  is  provided  on  the  same  basis  as  information  used  for  internal  reporting purposes by the board of directors

At regular intervals the board is provided management information at a group level for the group's cash position, the carrying values of exploration permits and a group cash forecast for the next twelve months of operation.  On this basis, no segment information is included in these financial statements.

All interest received has been derived in Australia. All exploration and evaluation assets are held in Australia.

44

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the Year Ended 30 June 2022

## Note 21 Key Management Personnel

Executive Director RL Clark

Non-Executive Directors EG Albers P Kitto

## Individual compensation disclosures

Information regarding individual director's compensation is provided in the remuneration report section of the directors' report.  There are no employees who meet the definition of key management personnel other than the directors of the company. A summary of the remuneration report is shown below.

$

2021

|       |      | Short Term      | Short Term   | Post Employment   | Post Employment      | Equity Settled   | Total   |
|-------|------|-----------------|--------------|-------------------|----------------------|------------------|---------|
|       |      | Directors  Fees | Salary       | Superannuation    | Retirement  Benefits | Options          |         |
|       |      | $               | $            | $                 | $                    | $                |         |
| Total | 2022 | 30,000          | 8,750        | 875               | -                    | 17,191           | 56,816  |
|       |      |                 | 10,000       | 950               | -                    | 86,856           |         |

-

97,806

45

## DIRECTORS' DECLARATION FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

Directors' Declaration

The directors of the company declare that:

- 1. The financial statements, comprising the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, statement of financial position, statement of cash flows, statement of changes in equity, and accompanying notes, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and:
- a) comply with Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001;
- b) give a true and fair view of the consolidated entity's financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its performance for the year ended on that date; and
- c) the financial statements and notes also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed in Note 1(a).
- 2. In the directors' opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.
- 3. The remuneration disclosures included in pages 25 to 28 of the directors' report, (as part of audited Remuneration Report), for the year ended 30 June 2022, comply with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
- 4. The directors have been given the declarations by the chief executive officer and chief financial officer required by section 295A.

This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors and is signed for and on behalf of the directors by:

<!-- image -->

R.L Clark Director 29 September 2022

R.L Clark Director 29 September 2022

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

<!-- image -->

## Independent Auditor's Report

## To the Members of Peako Limited

Report on the audit of the financial report

## Opinion

We have audited the financial report of Peako Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2022, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, and the Directors' declaration.

In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 , including:

- a giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 30 June 2022  and of its performance for the year ended on that date; and
- b complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001 .

## Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board's APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

www.grantthornton.com.au ACN-130 913 594

Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd ACN 130 913 594 a subsidiary or related entity of Grant Thornton Australia Limited ABN 41 127 556 389 ACN 127 556 389. 'Grant Thornton' refers to the brand under which the Grant Thornton member firms provide assurance, tax and advisory services to their clients and/or refers to one or more member firms, as the context requires. Grant Thornton Australia Limited is a member firm of Grant Thornton International Ltd (GTIL). GTIL and the member firms are not a worldwide partnership. GTIL and each member firm is a separate legal entity. Services are delivered by the member firms. GTIL does not provide services to clients. GTIL and its member firms are not agents of, and do not obligate one another and are not liable for one another's acts or omissions. In the Australian context only, the use of the term 'Grant Thornton' may refer to Grant Thornton Australia Limited ABN 41 127 556 389 ACN 127 556 389 and its Australian subsidiaries and related entities. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

w

Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd Level 22 Tower 5 Collins Square 727 Collins Street Melbourne VIC 3008 GPO Box 4736 Melbourne VIC 3001

T +61 3 8320 2222

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## Material uncertainty related to going concern

We draw attention to Note 1(a) in the financial statements, which indicates that the Group incurred a net loss after tax of $1,104,118 during the year ended 30 June 2022 and a net cash outflow from operating and investing activities of $2,365,608. As stated in Note 1(a), these events or conditions, along with other matters as set forth in Note 1(a), indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

## Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial report of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

In addition to the matter described in the Material uncertainty related to going concern section, we have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.

| Key audit matter                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | How our audit addressed the key audit matter                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Exploration and Evaluation Assets Valuation  (Note 8)                                                                                                                                                                                                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| At 30 June 2022 the carrying value of exploration and evaluation assets was $3,401,043                                                                                                                                                                       | Our procedures included, amongst others: • obtaining the management reconciliation of capitalised  exploration and evaluation expenditure and agreeing to the  general ledger;                                                     |
| In accordance with AASB 6 Exploration for and Evaluation of Mineral Resources , the Group is required to assess at each reporting date if there are any triggers for impairment which may suggest the carrying value is in excess of the recoverable  value. | reviewing management's area of interest considerations  •                                                                                                                                                                          |
| there are any impairment triggers in each area of interest                                                                                                                                                                                                   | against AASB 6; conducting a detailed review of management's assessment  of trigger events prepared in accordance with AASB 6  •                                                                                                   |
| The process undertaken by management to assess whether  involves an element of management judgement.                                                                                                                                                         | including;                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
|                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | whether a right of tenure existed; enquiry of management regarding their intentions to  carry out exploration and evaluation activity in the  relevant exploration area, including review of  management's budgeted expenditure; - |

## Information other than the financial report and auditor's report thereon

The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Group's annual report for the year ended 30 June 2022, but does not include the financial report and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Grant Thornton Australia Limited

glyph&lt;c=3,font=/PWCPKI+CambriaMath&gt;

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of the Directors' for the financial report

The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial report, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial report

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at: http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors\_responsibilities/ar1\_2020.pdf.This description forms part of our auditor's report.

## Report on the remuneration report

## Opinion on the remuneration report

We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 25 to 28 of the Directors' report for the year ended 30 June 2022.

In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Peako Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022 complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 .

## Responsibilities

The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Grant Thornton Audit Pty Ltd Chartered Accountants

T S Jackman Partner - Audit &amp; Assurance

Melbourne, 29 September 2022

Grant Thornton Australia Limited

glyph&lt;c=3,font=/PWCPKI+CambriaMath&gt;

## ASX ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)

## FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## ASX additional Information (unaudited)

## As at 26 September 2022

Additional information required by the ASX Limited Listing Rules and not disclosed elsewhere in this report is set out below.

## Distribution of Ordinary Shares

| Ordinary Shares   | No. of Holders   | No. of Shares   |
|-------------------|------------------|-----------------|
| 1 - 1,000         | 216              | 92,875          |
| 1,001 - 5,000     | 173              | 417,948         |
| 5,001 - 10,000    | 45               | 345,686         |
| 10,001 - 100,000  | 319              | 13,205,507      |
| 100,001 and over  | 327              | 365,119,933     |
| Total on Issue    | 1,080            | 379,181,949     |

557 holders held less than a marketable parcel of ordinary shares. There is no current on-market buyback.

## Substantial Shareholders

As disclosed in notices given to the Company.

| Name         | Interest in Number of Shares   |   % of Shares |
|--------------|--------------------------------|---------------|
| Albers Group | 116,519,096                    |         30.73 |

## The 20 Largest Holders of Ordinary Shares

| Holder Name                         | Holding     | %      |
|-------------------------------------|-------------|--------|
| Hawkestone Resources Pty Ltd        | 26,028,603  | 6.86%  |
| Mr Ernest Geoffrey Albers           | 14,567,974  | 3.84%  |
| Sacrosanct Pty Ltd                  | 13,895,999  | 3.66%  |
| Southern Energy Pty Ltd             | 13,814,177  | 3.64%  |
| Jimzbal Pty Ltd                     | 10,200,000  | 2.69%  |
| Great Australia Corporation Pty Ltd | 9,030,806   | 2.38%  |
| Auralandia Pty Ltd                  | 8,853,052   | 2.33%  |
| Sanperez Pty Ltd                    | 8,573,740   | 2.26%  |
| 500 Custodian Pty Ltd               | 8,131,428   | 2.14%  |
| Australis Finance Pty Ltd           | 7,940,398   | 2.09%  |
| Rydale Holdings Pty Ltd             | 7,000,000   | 1.85%  |
| Ram Platinum Pty Ltd                | 5,802,359   | 1.53%  |
| Mr Don Cheng                        | 5,344,064   | 1.41%  |
| Gant Capital Pty Ltd                | 5,056,096   | 1.33%  |
| Vivien Enterprises Pte Ltd          | 5,000,000   | 1.32%  |
| BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd        | 4,812,990   | 1.27%  |
| Calama Holdings Pty Ltd             | 4,800,000   | 1.27%  |
| Great Missenden Holdings Pty Ltd    | 4,634,684   | 1.22%  |
| Ms Xiaodan Wu                       | 4,540,421   | 1.20%  |
| Mr Nicholas David Green             | 4,250,000   | 1.12%  |
| Total                               | 172,276,791 | 45.43% |

P

E

## DISTRIBUTION OF UNLISTED OPTIONS - EXERCISABLE AT $0.05 ON OR BEFORE 30 SEPTEMBER 2025

## Distribution of unlisted Options - exercisable at $0.05 on or before 30 September 2025

Numbers of holders of unlisted options by size of holding and the total number of unlisted options:

| Listed Options   |   No. of Holders | No. of Unlisted Options   |
|------------------|------------------|---------------------------|
| 1 - 1,000        |                5 | 1,282                     |
| 1,001 - 5,000    |                9 | 22,932                    |
| 5,001 - 10,000   |                6 | 43,988                    |
| 10,001 - 100,000 |               38 | 1,850,800                 |
| 100,001 and over |               73 | 68,808,846                |
| Total on Issue   |              131 | 70,727,848                |

## Other Unlisted Options - 30,000,000 at various prices and dates

Three holders hold 4,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.04 on or before 28 November 2022). Two holders hold 1,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.10 on or before 30 November 2022). One holder hold 1,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.06 on or before 13 May 2023). Six holders hold 4,500,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.06 on or before 21 June 2023). Three holders hold 5,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.044 on or before 5 November 2023). One holder holds 1,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.06 on or before 21 November 2023). One holder holds 2,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.05 on or before 28 November 2023). Three holders hold 3,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.040 on or before 29 March 2024). One holder holds 1,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.10 on or before 21 November 2024). One holder holds 500,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.06 on or before 25 November 2024). One holder holds 1,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.05 on or before 25 November 2024). One holder holds 1,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.055 on or before 29 March 2025). One holder holds 2,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.05 on or before 1 May 2025). Two holders hold 1,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.05 on or before 30 September 2025). One holder holds 1,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.20 on or before 21 November 2025). One holder holds 1,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.15 on or before 25 November 2025).

<!-- image -->

ASX:PKO peako.com.au

Level 1, 10 Yarra Street, South Yarra, Victoria 3141

T: +61 (3) 8610 4723

E: info@peako.com.au